# One request per line. Each game or graphic appears once.
# A complete working version of each top game, then ideas_1000.txt lines that are different.
# Includes late 1970s CP/M games, TRS-80, Commodore 64, early Mac, and small 1980s games.
# three.js lines first, then 8-bit, then other library lines, then the rest.
# Built by expand_ideas.py. Openings vary. Do not hand-edit.
# Oct 2, 2026: failed prompts gained a hard-part note. The last 1000 lines are late-1970s and 1980s games not already in this file.
Write me a complete working version of The Last of Us in three.js.
Make a complete working version of Half-Life 2 in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
Build a complete working version of The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild in three.js.
Create a complete working version of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
Code a complete working version of The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time in three.js.
Give me a complete working version of Super Mario 64 in three.js.
I want a complete working version of Mass Effect 2 in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
Make me a complete working version of BioShock in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
Build me a complete working version of Grand Theft Auto V in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
Can you make a complete working version of Shadow of the Colossus in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
Can you build a complete working version of God of War (2018) in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
Please make a complete working version of Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
Please build a complete working version of Red Dead Redemption in three.js.
I'd like a complete working version of Doom (1993) in three.js.
Show me a complete working version of The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
Put together a complete working version of Halo: Combat Evolved in three.js.
How about a complete working version of GoldenEye 007 in three.js?
Could you make a complete working version of Red Dead Redemption 2 in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
Let's make a complete working version of Bloodborne in three.js.
Write me a complete working version of Metal Gear Solid in three.js.
Make a complete working version of Portal in three.js.
Build a complete working version of Uncharted 2: Among Thieves in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
Create a complete working version of Journey in three.js.
Code a complete working version of Portal 2 in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
Give me a complete working version of Minecraft in three.js.
I want a complete working version of Dark Souls in three.js.
Make me a complete working version of Metroid Prime in three.js.
Build me a complete working version of Deus Ex in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
Can you make a complete working version of The Last of Us Part II in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
Can you build a complete working version of Half-Life in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
Please make a complete working version of Counter-Strike in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
Please build a complete working version of Silent Hill 2 in three.js.
I'd like a complete working version of Tomb Raider (1996) in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
Show me a complete working version of Ico in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
Put together a complete working version of Grand Theft Auto III in three.js.
How about a complete working version of Fallout 3 in three.js?
Could you make a complete working version of Super Mario Odyssey in three.js?
Let's make a complete working version of Super Mario Galaxy 2 in three.js.
Write me a complete working version of System Shock 2 in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
Make a complete working version of Overwatch in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
Build a complete working version of The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
Create a complete working version of Resident Evil in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
Code a complete working version of Batman: Arkham Asylum in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
Give me a complete working version of Okami in three.js.
I want a complete working version of Grand Theft Auto IV in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
Make me a complete working version of Outer Wilds in three.js.
Build me a complete working version of Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
Can you make a complete working version of Half-Life: Alyx in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
Can you build a complete working version of Grand Theft Auto: Vice City in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
Please make a complete working version of Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
Please build a complete working version of Fortnite in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
I'd like a complete working version of Quake in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
Show me a complete working version of Assassin's Creed II in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
Put together a complete working version of God of War (2005) in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
How about a complete working version of Left 4 Dead 2 in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
Could you make a complete working version of Burnout 3: Takedown in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
Let's make a complete working version of Team Fortress 2 in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
Write me a complete working version of Resident Evil 2 in three.js.
Make a complete working version of Rocket League in three.js.
Build a complete working version of The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion in three.js.
Create a complete working version of Wolfenstein 3D in three.js.
Code a complete working version of Halo 3 in three.js.
Give me a complete working version of Dishonored in three.js.
I want a complete working version of The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask in three.js.
Make me a complete working version of Thief: The Dark Project in three.js.
Build me a complete working version of Spider-Man in three.js.
Can you make a complete working version of Left 4 Dead in three.js?
Can you build a complete working version of Quake III Arena in three.js?
Please make a complete working version of Doom II in three.js.
Please build a complete working version of Star Fox 64 in three.js.
I'd like a complete working version of The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind in three.js.
Show me a complete working version of Halo 2 in three.js.
Put together a complete working version of Dead Space in three.js.
How about a complete working version of Gears of War in three.js?
Could you make a complete working version of Doom Eternal in three.js?
Let's make a complete working version of Fallout: New Vegas in three.js.
Write me a complete working version of Mario Kart 64 in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
Make a complete working version of BioShock Infinite in three.js.
Build a complete working version of Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice in three.js.
Create a complete working version of Quake II in three.js.
Code a complete working version of Unreal Tournament in three.js.
Give me a complete working version of The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess in three.js.
I want a complete working version of Perfect Dark in three.js.
Make me a complete working version of Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain in three.js.
Build me a complete working version of Alien: Isolation in three.js.
Can you make a complete working version of F-Zero GX in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
Can you build a complete working version of Doom (2016) in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
Please make a complete working version of Duke Nukem 3D in three.js.
Please build a complete working version of Horizon: Zero Dawn in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
I'd like a complete working version of Control in three.js.
Show me a complete working version of Titanfall 2 in three.js.
Put together a complete working version of Banjo-Kazooie in three.js.
How about a complete working version of Super Mario Galaxy in three.js?
Could you make a complete working version of Crash Bandicoot: Warped in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
Let's make a complete working version of Star Fox in three.js.
Write me a complete working version of Wipeout in three.js.
Make a complete working version of Mirror's Edge in three.js.
Build a complete working version of Turok: Dinosaur Hunter in three.js.
Create a complete working version of Return to Castle Wolfenstein in three.js. Hard part: a scene, a camera, an ambient light, a directional light, a ground plane, and a few BoxGeometry or SphereGeometry meshes. const player = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.BoxGeometry(1,1,1), material); scene.add(player); then move player.position in the animation loop.
Code a complete working version of Resident Evil 4 in three.js.
Write me a complete working version of Tetris. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
How about a complete working version of Street Fighter II. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Build me a complete working version of Super Mario World. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of Super Mario Bros. 3. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of Super Mario Bros. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Put together a complete working version of Pokemon Blue/Red/Yellow. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Build a complete working version of Sonic the Hedgehog. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Donkey Kong. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of Ms. Pac-Man. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of Pac-Man. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Mega Man 2. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of The Legend of Zelda. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of Space Invaders. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Galaga. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of Mike Tyson's Punch-Out!!. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of Sonic the Hedgehog 2. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Gauntlet. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
I'd like a complete working version of Pong. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Let's make a complete working version of Contra. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of Asteroids. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Could you make a complete working version of Double Dragon. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Build a complete working version of Metroid. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of Pitfall!. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Could you make a complete working version of Prince of Persia. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of Defender. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Let's make a complete working version of Robotron 2084. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of Castlevania. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of Ninja Gaiden (1988). Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Build me a complete working version of Super Bomberman. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Give me a complete working version of OutRun. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Write me a complete working version of Mega Man X. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a complete working version of Bubble Bobble. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of Gunstar Heroes. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Make me a complete working version of Super Mario Bros. 2. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Please make a complete working version of Missile Command. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
I'd like a complete working version of Frogger. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Contra III: The Alien Wars. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of Arkanoid. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Put together a complete working version of R-Type. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of Joust. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Put together a complete working version of Breakout. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Can you build a complete working version of F-Zero. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Show me a complete working version of Metal Slug. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Mega Man 3. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Final Fight. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of Mega Man. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of Ghouls N Ghosts. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Make me a complete working version of Centipede. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of Snake. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Put together a complete working version of Dig Dug. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of Zelda II: The Adventure of Link. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
How about a complete working version of Super Mario Land 2: 6 Golden Coins. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Popeye. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of Kid Icarus. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Build me a complete working version of Blaster Master. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
I want a complete working version of Moon Patrol. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of Space Harrier. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Please make a complete working version of Super C. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Please make a complete working version of Mario Bros. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of Ice Climber. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Build me a complete working version of Qix. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Can you make a complete working version of Lunar Lander. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Show me a complete working version of Donkey Kong Jr. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
I want a complete working version of Bomb Jack. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of Xevious. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
I want a complete working version of 1942. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Make a complete working version of Castlevania II: Simon's Quest. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Make me a complete working version of Super Ghouls N Ghosts. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Please make a complete working version of Pengo. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of BurgerTime. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
I'd like a complete working version of Berzerk. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Show me a complete working version of Scramble. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Put together a complete working version of Gorf. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Could you make a complete working version of Phoenix. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Write me a complete working version of Amidar. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Make a complete working version of Millipede. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Build a complete working version of Crystal Castles. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Give me a complete working version of Donkey Kong 3. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
I want a complete working version of Elevator Action. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Make me a complete working version of Jungle Hunt. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Build me a complete working version of Tapper. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Can you make a complete working version of Mr. Do!. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Can you build a complete working version of Bosconian. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Please make a complete working version of Yie Ar Kung-Fu. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of Kung-Fu Master. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of Gradius. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of Life Force. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
How about a complete working version of Jetpac. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
I want a complete working version of H.E.R.O. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Make me a complete working version of Kaboom!. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Build me a complete working version of Yars' Revenge. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Please build a complete working version of Sinistar. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Put together a complete working version of Super Cobra. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Write me a complete working version of Pac-Land. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Make a complete working version of Balloon Fight. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
I want a complete working version of Rally-X. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Make me a complete working version of Time Pilot. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Please make a complete working version of Commando. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of 1943. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Write me a complete working version of Super Nova. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Make a complete working version of Galaxy Invasion. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Build a complete working version of Attack Force. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Create a complete working version of Cosmic Fighter. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Code a complete working version of Meteor Mission 2. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Robot Attack. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
I want a complete working version of Defense Command. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Make me a complete working version of Stellar Escort. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Build me a complete working version of Weerd. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Can you make a complete working version of Bounceoids. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Can you build a complete working version of Armored Patrol. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Please make a complete working version of Sea Dragon. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of Android Nim. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
I'd like a complete working version of Dancing Demon. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Show me a complete working version of Bee Wary. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Put together a complete working version of Scarfman. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
How about a complete working version of Taipan. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Could you make a complete working version of Microchess. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Let's make a complete working version of Deathmaze 5000. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Write me a complete working version of Asylum. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Make a complete working version of Asylum II. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of Raaka-Tu. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Create a complete working version of Pyramid 2000. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Cytron Masters. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Give me a complete working version of Dungeons of Daggorath. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
I want a complete working version of Downland. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Make me a complete working version of Mega-Bug. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Build me a complete working version of Canyon Climber. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Can you make a complete working version of Time Bandit. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Can you build a complete working version of The Sands of Egypt. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Please make a complete working version of Doubleback. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Please build a complete working version of Reactoid. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of Buzzard Bait. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Show me a complete working version of Dallas Quest. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Put together a complete working version of Calixto Island. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of The Last Ninja. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Could you make a complete working version of Last Ninja 2. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of Dropzone. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Write me a complete working version of Pastfinder. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Make a complete working version of Beach-Head II. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Build a complete working version of Raid Over Moscow. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Create a complete working version of B.C.'s Quest for Tires. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Code a complete working version of Congo Bongo. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Spy vs. Spy: The Island Caper. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
I want a complete working version of Ghostbusters. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Make me a complete working version of Little Computer People. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Build me a complete working version of The Great Giana Sisters. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Can you make a complete working version of Monty on the Run. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Can you build a complete working version of Auf Wiedersehen Monty. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Please make a complete working version of Rick Dangerous. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Please build a complete working version of Rick Dangerous 2. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
I'd like a complete working version of Finders Keepers. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Show me a complete working version of Nodes of Yesod. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Put together a complete working version of Cybernoid. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
How about a complete working version of Cybernoid II. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Could you make a complete working version of Sanxion. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Let's make a complete working version of Quedex. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of Zynaps. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Make a complete working version of Armalyte. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Build a complete working version of Katakis. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of Turrican. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Code a complete working version of Mayhem in Monsterland. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Give me a complete working version of Impossible Mission II. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
I want a complete working version of Zak McKracken and the Alien Mindbenders. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Make me a complete working version of Neuromancer. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Build me a complete working version of Project Firestart. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Can you make a complete working version of Rocket Ranger. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Can you build a complete working version of The Three Stooges. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Please make a complete working version of King of Chicago. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Please build a complete working version of Autoduel. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
I'd like a complete working version of Phantasie. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of Phantasie II. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of Wizard's Crown. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
How about a complete working version of The Eternal Dagger. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Could you make a complete working version of Legacy of the Ancients. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Let's make a complete working version of Silent Service. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Write me a complete working version of F-15 Strike Eagle. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Make a complete working version of Solo Flight. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Build a complete working version of Hellcat Ace. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of Airborne Ranger. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Code a complete working version of Racing Destruction Set. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Mail Order Monsters. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a complete working version of Heart of Africa. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Make me a complete working version of Skyfox. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Build me a complete working version of Raid on Bungeling Bay. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of Bounty Bob Strikes Back. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Can you build a complete working version of Shamus. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Please make a complete working version of Dino Eggs. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Please build a complete working version of Serpentine. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
I'd like a complete working version of Jawbreaker. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Show me a complete working version of Leader Board. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of World Class Leader Board. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
How about a complete working version of Hardball. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Could you make a complete working version of Mean 18. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Let's make a complete working version of World Games. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Write me a complete working version of Summer Games II. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of Pitstop II. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Build a complete working version of The Games: Summer Edition. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Create a complete working version of Barbarian II: The Dungeon of Drax. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Code a complete working version of Target: Renegade. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Give me a complete working version of Batman: The Movie. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a complete working version of RoboCop. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Make me a complete working version of Platoon. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a complete working version of Laser Squad. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Can you make a complete working version of Driller. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Can you build a complete working version of The Lords of Midnight. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of Gridrunner. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Please build a complete working version of Attack of the Mutant Camels. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
I'd like a complete working version of Sheep in Space. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Show me a complete working version of Hover Bovver. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Put together a complete working version of Iridis Alpha. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
How about a complete working version of Alter Ego. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Could you make a complete working version of Test Drive. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of Microprose Soccer. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Write me a complete working version of Kick Off. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Make a complete working version of Ikari Warriors. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Build a complete working version of Speedball. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Create a complete working version of Ace of Aces. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Law of the West. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Give me a complete working version of Psi-5 Trading Company. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a complete working version of David's Midnight Magic. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Make me a complete working version of Lunar Leeper. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Build me a complete working version of Cannonball Blitz. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Can you make a complete working version of Championship Lode Runner. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Can you build a complete working version of Dan Dare: Pilot of the Future. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of Kikstart. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Please build a complete working version of Buggy Boy. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
I'd like a complete working version of Super Cycle. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of Fight Night. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of Killed Until Dead. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
How about a complete working version of Grand Prix Circuit. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Could you make a complete working version of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Let's make a complete working version of Below the Root. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Write me a complete working version of Myth: History in the Making. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Make a complete working version of Curse of the Azure Bonds. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Build a complete working version of Hillsfar. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Create a complete working version of Champions of Krynn. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Code a complete working version of The Bard's Tale II: The Destiny Knight. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Times of Lore. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
I want a complete working version of Starflight. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Make me a complete working version of Switchblade. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Build me a complete working version of Pang. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Can you make a complete working version of Gunship. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Can you build a complete working version of Reach for the Stars. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Please make a complete working version of BattleTech: The Crescent Hawk's Inception. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Please build a complete working version of Tycoon: The Commodity Market Simulation. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
I'd like a complete working version of Baron: The Real Estate Simulation. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of Squire: The Financial Planning Simulation. Use nice 8-bit graphics, as close to the original as possible.
Write me a complete working version of Super Mario Bros. in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Make a complete working version of Super Mario Bros. 2 in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Build a complete working version of Super Mario Bros. 3 in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Create a complete working version of Super Mario World in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Code a complete working version of Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Give me a complete working version of Super Mario Land 2: 6 Golden Coins in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
I want a complete working version of Mega Man in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Make me a complete working version of Mega Man 2 in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Build me a complete working version of Mega Man 3 in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Can you make a complete working version of Mega Man X in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Can you build a complete working version of Castlevania in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Please make a complete working version of Castlevania II: Simon's Quest in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Please build a complete working version of Castlevania: Symphony of the Night in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
I'd like a complete working version of Castlevania: Rondo of Blood in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Show me a complete working version of Castlevania: Aria of Sorrow in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Put together a complete working version of Castlevania III: Dracula's Curse in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
How about a complete working version of Super Castlevania IV in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Could you make a complete working version of Metroid in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Let's make a complete working version of Super Metroid in Phaser.
Write me a complete working version of Metroid II: Return of Samus in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Make a complete working version of Contra in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Build a complete working version of Contra III: The Alien Wars in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Create a complete working version of Super C in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Code a complete working version of Sonic the Hedgehog in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Give me a complete working version of Sonic the Hedgehog 2 in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
I want a complete working version of Sonic the Hedgehog 3 in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Make me a complete working version of Sonic and Knuckles in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Build me a complete working version of Sonic CD in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Can you make a complete working version of Celeste in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Can you build a complete working version of Hollow Knight in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Please make a complete working version of Shovel Knight in Phaser.
Please build a complete working version of Cuphead in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
I'd like a complete working version of Spelunky in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Show me a complete working version of Spelunky 2 in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Put together a complete working version of Hotline Miami in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
How about a complete working version of Super Meat Boy in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Could you make a complete working version of Streets of Rage 2 in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Let's make a complete working version of Final Fight in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Write me a complete working version of Double Dragon in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Make a complete working version of River City Ransom in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Build a complete working version of Metal Slug in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Create a complete working version of Metal Slug 3 in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Code a complete working version of Gunstar Heroes in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Give me a complete working version of The Legend of Zelda in Phaser.
I want a complete working version of Zelda II: The Adventure of Link in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Make me a complete working version of The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Build me a complete working version of The Legend of Zelda: Link’s Awakening in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Can you make a complete working version of EarthBound in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Can you build a complete working version of Undertale in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Please make a complete working version of Chrono Trigger in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Please build a complete working version of Secret of Mana in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
I'd like a complete working version of Terranigma in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Show me a complete working version of Ninja Gaiden (1988) in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Put together a complete working version of Prince of Persia in Phaser.
How about a complete working version of Prince of Persia 2: The Shadow and the Flame in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Could you make a complete working version of Flashback in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Let's make a complete working version of Out of This World in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Write me a complete working version of Blaster Master in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Make a complete working version of Kid Icarus in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Build a complete working version of Ghouls N Ghosts in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Create a complete working version of Super Ghouls N Ghosts in Phaser.
Code a complete working version of Ghosts N Goblins in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Give me a complete working version of Ori and the Will of the Wisps in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
I want a complete working version of Ori and the Blind Forest in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Make me a complete working version of Hades in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Build me a complete working version of The Binding of Isaac in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Can you make a complete working version of TowerFall in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Can you build a complete working version of Braid in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Please make a complete working version of Fez in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Please build a complete working version of Limbo in Phaser.
I'd like a complete working version of Inside in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Show me a complete working version of Street Fighter II in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Put together a complete working version of Street Fighter III in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
How about a complete working version of Street Fighter IV in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Could you make a complete working version of Street Fighter Alpha 3 in Phaser?
Let's make a complete working version of Mortal Kombat in Phaser.
Write me a complete working version of Mortal Kombat II in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Make a complete working version of Mortal Kombat 3 in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Build a complete working version of X-Men Vs Street Fighter in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Create a complete working version of R-Type in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Code a complete working version of R-Type Final in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Give me a complete working version of R-Type Delta in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
I want a complete working version of Gradius in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Make me a complete working version of Gradius Gaiden in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Build me a complete working version of Life Force in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Can you make a complete working version of 1942 in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Can you build a complete working version of 1943 in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Please make a complete working version of Xevious in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Please build a complete working version of Ikaruga in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
I'd like a complete working version of Gauntlet in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Show me a complete working version of DuckTales in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Put together a complete working version of Kirby Super Star in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
How about a complete working version of Kirby's Adventure in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Could you make a complete working version of Kirby's Dream Land in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Let's make a complete working version of Oddworld: Abe’s Oddyssee in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Write me a complete working version of Oddworld: Abe's Exoddus in Phaser.
Make a complete working version of Commando in Phaser.
Build a complete working version of Rush'n Attack in Phaser.
Create a complete working version of Bionic Commando in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Code a complete working version of Altered Beast in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Give me a complete working version of Super Bomberman in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
I want a complete working version of Super Bomberman 2 in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Make me a complete working version of Mega Bomberman in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Build me a complete working version of Saturn Bomberman in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Can you make a complete working version of Bomberman in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Can you build a complete working version of Moon Patrol in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Please make a complete working version of Super Cobra in Phaser.
Please build a complete working version of Scramble in Phaser.
I'd like a complete working version of Shinobi in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Show me a complete working version of Golden Axe in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Put together a complete working version of Strider in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
How about a complete working version of Jackal in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Could you make a complete working version of Rolling Thunder in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Let's make a complete working version of TwinBee in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Write me a complete working version of Fantasy Zone in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Make a complete working version of Fantasy Zone II in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Build a complete working version of Battle Garegga in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Create a complete working version of Batsugun in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Code a complete working version of DoDonPachi in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Give me a complete working version of Wonder Boy in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
I want a complete working version of Wonder Boy III: The Dragon's Trap in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Make me a complete working version of Wonder Boy in Monster Land in Phaser. Hard part: const cursors = this.input.keyboard.createCursorKeys(); read cursors.left.isDown, never this.input.keyboard.isDown. const body = this.physics.add.sprite(x, y, key); body.setVelocity(vx, vy); only after config.physics.default is arcade.
Write me a complete working version of Tetris in PixiJS. Hard part: const app = new PIXI.Application({width:640, height:480}); document.body.appendChild(app.view); const g = new PIXI.Graphics(); g.beginFill(0x3366cc); g.drawRect(x, y, w, h); app.stage.addChild(g); move it inside app.ticker.add.
Make a complete working version of Pac-Man in PixiJS.
Build a complete working version of Ms. Pac-Man in PixiJS.
Create a complete working version of Galaga in PixiJS.
Code a complete working version of Galaxian in PixiJS. Hard part: const app = new PIXI.Application({width:640, height:480}); document.body.appendChild(app.view); const g = new PIXI.Graphics(); g.beginFill(0x3366cc); g.drawRect(x, y, w, h); app.stage.addChild(g); move it inside app.ticker.add.
Give me a complete working version of Space Invaders in PixiJS. Hard part: const app = new PIXI.Application({width:640, height:480}); document.body.appendChild(app.view); const g = new PIXI.Graphics(); g.beginFill(0x3366cc); g.drawRect(x, y, w, h); app.stage.addChild(g); move it inside app.ticker.add.
I want a complete working version of Asteroids in PixiJS.
Make me a complete working version of Centipede in PixiJS. Hard part: const app = new PIXI.Application({width:640, height:480}); document.body.appendChild(app.view); const g = new PIXI.Graphics(); g.beginFill(0x3366cc); g.drawRect(x, y, w, h); app.stage.addChild(g); move it inside app.ticker.add.
Build me a complete working version of Missile Command in PixiJS.
Can you make a complete working version of Frogger in PixiJS?
Can you build a complete working version of Dig Dug in PixiJS?
Please make a complete working version of Dig Dug II in PixiJS. Hard part: const app = new PIXI.Application({width:640, height:480}); document.body.appendChild(app.view); const g = new PIXI.Graphics(); g.beginFill(0x3366cc); g.drawRect(x, y, w, h); app.stage.addChild(g); move it inside app.ticker.add.
Please build a complete working version of Breakout in PixiJS.
I'd like a complete working version of Arkanoid in PixiJS.
Show me a complete working version of Pong in PixiJS.
Put together a complete working version of Snake in PixiJS.
How about a complete working version of Bubble Bobble in PixiJS. Hard part: const app = new PIXI.Application({width:640, height:480}); document.body.appendChild(app.view); const g = new PIXI.Graphics(); g.beginFill(0x3366cc); g.drawRect(x, y, w, h); app.stage.addChild(g); move it inside app.ticker.add.
Could you make a complete working version of Joust in PixiJS. Hard part: const app = new PIXI.Application({width:640, height:480}); document.body.appendChild(app.view); const g = new PIXI.Graphics(); g.beginFill(0x3366cc); g.drawRect(x, y, w, h); app.stage.addChild(g); move it inside app.ticker.add.
Let's make a complete working version of Defender in PixiJS. Hard part: const app = new PIXI.Application({width:640, height:480}); document.body.appendChild(app.view); const g = new PIXI.Graphics(); g.beginFill(0x3366cc); g.drawRect(x, y, w, h); app.stage.addChild(g); move it inside app.ticker.add.
Write me a complete working version of Robotron 2084 in PixiJS.
Make a complete working version of Qix in PixiJS.
Build a complete working version of Lunar Lander in PixiJS. Hard part: const app = new PIXI.Application({width:640, height:480}); document.body.appendChild(app.view); const g = new PIXI.Graphics(); g.beginFill(0x3366cc); g.drawRect(x, y, w, h); app.stage.addChild(g); move it inside app.ticker.add.
Create a complete working version of Pengo in PixiJS. Hard part: const app = new PIXI.Application({width:640, height:480}); document.body.appendChild(app.view); const g = new PIXI.Graphics(); g.beginFill(0x3366cc); g.drawRect(x, y, w, h); app.stage.addChild(g); move it inside app.ticker.add.
Code a complete working version of BurgerTime in PixiJS. Hard part: const app = new PIXI.Application({width:640, height:480}); document.body.appendChild(app.view); const g = new PIXI.Graphics(); g.beginFill(0x3366cc); g.drawRect(x, y, w, h); app.stage.addChild(g); move it inside app.ticker.add.
Give me a complete working version of Donkey Kong in PixiJS. Hard part: const app = new PIXI.Application({width:640, height:480}); document.body.appendChild(app.view); const g = new PIXI.Graphics(); g.beginFill(0x3366cc); g.drawRect(x, y, w, h); app.stage.addChild(g); move it inside app.ticker.add.
I want a complete working version of Mario Bros. in PixiJS.
Make me a complete working version of Popeye in PixiJS. Hard part: const app = new PIXI.Application({width:640, height:480}); document.body.appendChild(app.view); const g = new PIXI.Graphics(); g.beginFill(0x3366cc); g.drawRect(x, y, w, h); app.stage.addChild(g); move it inside app.ticker.add.
Build me a complete working version of Elevator Action in PixiJS.
Can you make a complete working version of Tapper in PixiJS. Hard part: const app = new PIXI.Application({width:640, height:480}); document.body.appendChild(app.view); const g = new PIXI.Graphics(); g.beginFill(0x3366cc); g.drawRect(x, y, w, h); app.stage.addChild(g); move it inside app.ticker.add.
Can you build a complete working version of Rally-X in PixiJS. Hard part: const app = new PIXI.Application({width:640, height:480}); document.body.appendChild(app.view); const g = new PIXI.Graphics(); g.beginFill(0x3366cc); g.drawRect(x, y, w, h); app.stage.addChild(g); move it inside app.ticker.add.
Please make a complete working version of Time Pilot in PixiJS. Hard part: const app = new PIXI.Application({width:640, height:480}); document.body.appendChild(app.view); const g = new PIXI.Graphics(); g.beginFill(0x3366cc); g.drawRect(x, y, w, h); app.stage.addChild(g); move it inside app.ticker.add.
Please build a complete working version of Millipede in PixiJS.
I'd like a complete working version of Phoenix in PixiJS. Hard part: const app = new PIXI.Application({width:640, height:480}); document.body.appendChild(app.view); const g = new PIXI.Graphics(); g.beginFill(0x3366cc); g.drawRect(x, y, w, h); app.stage.addChild(g); move it inside app.ticker.add.
Show me a complete working version of Berzerk in PixiJS.
Put together a complete working version of Amidar in PixiJS.
How about a complete working version of Gorf in PixiJS?
Could you make a complete working version of Crystal Castles in PixiJS?
Let's make a complete working version of Mr. Do! in PixiJS. Hard part: const app = new PIXI.Application({width:640, height:480}); document.body.appendChild(app.view); const g = new PIXI.Graphics(); g.beginFill(0x3366cc); g.drawRect(x, y, w, h); app.stage.addChild(g); move it inside app.ticker.add.
Write me a complete working version of Bosconian in PixiJS. Hard part: const app = new PIXI.Application({width:640, height:480}); document.body.appendChild(app.view); const g = new PIXI.Graphics(); g.beginFill(0x3366cc); g.drawRect(x, y, w, h); app.stage.addChild(g); move it inside app.ticker.add.
Make a complete working version of Bomb Jack in PixiJS. Hard part: const app = new PIXI.Application({width:640, height:480}); document.body.appendChild(app.view); const g = new PIXI.Graphics(); g.beginFill(0x3366cc); g.drawRect(x, y, w, h); app.stage.addChild(g); move it inside app.ticker.add.
Build a complete working version of Pac-Land in PixiJS. Hard part: const app = new PIXI.Application({width:640, height:480}); document.body.appendChild(app.view); const g = new PIXI.Graphics(); g.beginFill(0x3366cc); g.drawRect(x, y, w, h); app.stage.addChild(g); move it inside app.ticker.add.
Create a complete working version of Balloon Fight in PixiJS.
Code a complete working version of Donkey Kong Jr in PixiJS. Hard part: const app = new PIXI.Application({width:640, height:480}); document.body.appendChild(app.view); const g = new PIXI.Graphics(); g.beginFill(0x3366cc); g.drawRect(x, y, w, h); app.stage.addChild(g); move it inside app.ticker.add.
Give me a complete working version of Donkey Kong 3 in PixiJS. Hard part: const app = new PIXI.Application({width:640, height:480}); document.body.appendChild(app.view); const g = new PIXI.Graphics(); g.beginFill(0x3366cc); g.drawRect(x, y, w, h); app.stage.addChild(g); move it inside app.ticker.add.
I want a complete working version of Mappy in PixiJS. Hard part: const app = new PIXI.Application({width:640, height:480}); document.body.appendChild(app.view); const g = new PIXI.Graphics(); g.beginFill(0x3366cc); g.drawRect(x, y, w, h); app.stage.addChild(g); move it inside app.ticker.add.
Make me a complete working version of Paperboy in PixiJS.
Build me a complete working version of Tempest 2000 in PixiJS. Hard part: const app = new PIXI.Application({width:640, height:480}); document.body.appendChild(app.view); const g = new PIXI.Graphics(); g.beginFill(0x3366cc); g.drawRect(x, y, w, h); app.stage.addChild(g); move it inside app.ticker.add.
Can you make a complete working version of Marble Madness in PixiJS. Hard part: const app = new PIXI.Application({width:640, height:480}); document.body.appendChild(app.view); const g = new PIXI.Graphics(); g.beginFill(0x3366cc); g.drawRect(x, y, w, h); app.stage.addChild(g); move it inside app.ticker.add.
Can you build a complete working version of OutRun in PixiJS. Hard part: const app = new PIXI.Application({width:640, height:480}); document.body.appendChild(app.view); const g = new PIXI.Graphics(); g.beginFill(0x3366cc); g.drawRect(x, y, w, h); app.stage.addChild(g); move it inside app.ticker.add.
Please make a complete working version of Space Harrier in PixiJS. Hard part: const app = new PIXI.Application({width:640, height:480}); document.body.appendChild(app.view); const g = new PIXI.Graphics(); g.beginFill(0x3366cc); g.drawRect(x, y, w, h); app.stage.addChild(g); move it inside app.ticker.add.
Please build a complete working version of Zaxxon in PixiJS. Hard part: const app = new PIXI.Application({width:640, height:480}); document.body.appendChild(app.view); const g = new PIXI.Graphics(); g.beginFill(0x3366cc); g.drawRect(x, y, w, h); app.stage.addChild(g); move it inside app.ticker.add.
I'd like a complete working version of Jr. Pac-Man in PixiJS. Hard part: const app = new PIXI.Application({width:640, height:480}); document.body.appendChild(app.view); const g = new PIXI.Graphics(); g.beginFill(0x3366cc); g.drawRect(x, y, w, h); app.stage.addChild(g); move it inside app.ticker.add.
Show me a complete working version of Super Pac-Man in PixiJS.
Put together a complete working version of Dr. Mario in PixiJS. Hard part: const app = new PIXI.Application({width:640, height:480}); document.body.appendChild(app.view); const g = new PIXI.Graphics(); g.beginFill(0x3366cc); g.drawRect(x, y, w, h); app.stage.addChild(g); move it inside app.ticker.add.
How about a complete working version of Hang-On in PixiJS. Hard part: const app = new PIXI.Application({width:640, height:480}); document.body.appendChild(app.view); const g = new PIXI.Graphics(); g.beginFill(0x3366cc); g.drawRect(x, y, w, h); app.stage.addChild(g); move it inside app.ticker.add.
Could you make a complete working version of Super Hang-On in PixiJS?
Let's make a complete working version of After Burner in PixiJS. Hard part: const app = new PIXI.Application({width:640, height:480}); document.body.appendChild(app.view); const g = new PIXI.Graphics(); g.beginFill(0x3366cc); g.drawRect(x, y, w, h); app.stage.addChild(g); move it inside app.ticker.add.
Write me a complete working version of Guitar Hero in Howler.js. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of Rock Band in Howler.js.
Build a complete working version of Dance Dance Revolution in Howler.js.
Create a complete working version of PaRappa the Rapper in Howler.js. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Amplitude in Howler.js.
Give me a complete working version of BeatMania in Howler.js. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a complete working version of Elite Beat Agents in Howler.js. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of SingStar in Howler.js. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a complete working version of Rez in Howler.js. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of The Typing of the Dead in Howler.js. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of Lumines in Howler.js. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of Vib Ribbon in Howler.js. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of Space Channel 5 in Howler.js. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of Frequency in Howler.js. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of Samba De Amigo in Howler.js. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of Resident Evil 4.
Build a complete working version of The Last of Us.
Create a complete working version of Half-Life 2.
Code a complete working version of The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild.
Give me a complete working version of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt.
I want a complete working version of Hades.
Make me a complete working version of The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a complete working version of Super Mario 64. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of Mass Effect 2?
Can you build a complete working version of The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past?
Please make a complete working version of BioShock.
Please build a complete working version of Grand Theft Auto V.
I'd like a complete working version of Super Metroid. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of Shadow of the Colossus.
Put together a complete working version of God of War (2018).
Could you make a complete working version of Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare?
Let's make a complete working version of Final Fantasy VII.
Write me a complete working version of World of Warcraft.
Make a complete working version of Red Dead Redemption.
Build a complete working version of Doom (1993).
Create a complete working version of The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim.
Code a complete working version of Halo: Combat Evolved.
Give me a complete working version of GoldenEye 007.
I want a complete working version of Red Dead Redemption 2.
Make me a complete working version of Chrono Trigger.
Can you make a complete working version of Castlevania: Symphony of the Night?
Can you build a complete working version of Bloodborne?
Please make a complete working version of Metal Gear Solid.
Please build a complete working version of Portal. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of Uncharted 2: Among Thieves.
Show me a complete working version of Journey.
Put together a complete working version of Portal 2.
How about a complete working version of Minecraft?
Could you make a complete working version of Dark Souls. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of Metroid Prime. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of StarCraft. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of Super Mario Kart.
Create a complete working version of Deus Ex.
Code a complete working version of Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic.
Give me a complete working version of Final Fantasy VI.
I want a complete working version of Disco Elysium.
Make me a complete working version of The Last of Us Part II. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a complete working version of Rock Band. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of Tony Hawk's Pro Skater. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of Diablo II. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of Half-Life.
Please build a complete working version of Counter-Strike. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of Silent Hill 2. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of Inside. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Could you make a complete working version of Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater?
Let's make a complete working version of Tomb Raider (1996).
Write me a complete working version of Ico. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of Grand Theft Auto III.
Create a complete working version of Super Smash Bros. Ultimate.
Code a complete working version of Fallout 3.
I want a complete working version of Animal Crossing: New Horizons. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of Super Mario Odyssey.
Build me a complete working version of Celeste. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of Stardew Valley?
Can you build a complete working version of Undertale?
Please build a complete working version of Batman: Arkham City.
I'd like a complete working version of Super Mario Galaxy 2.
Show me a complete working version of EarthBound. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of System Shock 2. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of Overwatch?
Could you make a complete working version of Super Smash Bros. Melee?
Let's make a complete working version of SimCity.
Make a complete working version of The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker.
Build a complete working version of Grim Fandango. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of SimCity 2000.
I want a complete working version of Resident Evil. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of League of Legends.
Build me a complete working version of The Sims. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of Batman: Arkham Asylum.
Please build a complete working version of Okami. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of Grand Theft Auto IV.
Show me a complete working version of Braid.
Put together a complete working version of The Walking Dead. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of The Secret of Monkey Island?
Could you make a complete working version of Outer Wilds. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of Lemmings. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of Final Fantasy Tactics. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time.
Build a complete working version of Civilization IV.
Create a complete working version of NBA Jam.
Give me a complete working version of Persona 5. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a complete working version of Super Mario Galaxy. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a complete working version of X-COM: UFO Defense. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of Secret of Mana?
Can you build a complete working version of Half-Life: Alyx. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of Grand Theft Auto: Vice City.
Please build a complete working version of Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of Planescape: Torment. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of Return of the Obra Dinn. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of Fortnite. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of Quake?
Could you make a complete working version of Persona 4. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of Assassin's Creed II. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of Advance Wars. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of God of War (2005).
Create a complete working version of Mario Kart 8.
Code a complete working version of Spelunky. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a complete working version of Zork.
Make me a complete working version of Fire Emblem: Three Houses.
Build me a complete working version of Gran Turismo.
Can you make a complete working version of Guitar Hero. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of Civilization?
Please make a complete working version of Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of Left 4 Dead 2.
Show me a complete working version of Madden NFL Football. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of Burnout 3: Takedown.
How about a complete working version of Team Fortress 2?
Could you make a complete working version of Genshin Impact?
Write me a complete working version of Warcraft II: Tides of Darkness. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of Day of the Tentacle.
Build a complete working version of Resident Evil 2.
Create a complete working version of Wii Sports. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Baldur’s Gate II: Shadows of Amn. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Soul Calibur.
I want a complete working version of Rocket League.
Make me a complete working version of Crusader Kings III.
Build me a complete working version of Myst. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion?
Can you build a complete working version of Star Wars: TIE Fighter?
Please make a complete working version of Rez. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of Civilization II. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of Wolfenstein 3D. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of Halo 3. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of Limbo. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of Apex Legends. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of Dishonored. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask.
Create a complete working version of Dota 2. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Thief: The Dark Project. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Civilization V. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a complete working version of Spider-Man.
Make me a complete working version of Hotline Miami.
Build me a complete working version of Left 4 Dead.
Can you make a complete working version of Elite. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of Shenmue. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of NHL Hockey. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of Nier: Automata.
Show me a complete working version of Mortal Kombat II.
Put together a complete working version of Pokemon Gold/Silver/Crystal. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of Donkey Kong Country. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of XCOM: Enemy Unknown.
Write me a complete working version of Divinity: Original Sin II. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of Command & Conquer: Red Alert.
Create a complete working version of Quake III Arena. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Doom II. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Into the Breach. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a complete working version of FIFA Soccer. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of Diablo. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a complete working version of Ultima Online. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of Spelunky 2. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of Command & Conquer. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of Star Fox 64. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of 13 Sentinels: Aegis Rim.
Show me a complete working version of The Legend of Zelda: Link’s Awakening. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of Halo 2. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of Destiny?
Could you make a complete working version of Dead Space. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of Bayonetta 2. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of Tecmo Bowl. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of Ori and the Will of the Wisps. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of Fallout. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Final Fantasy X. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Gran Turismo 3: A-Spec.
I want a complete working version of EverQuest. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of Gears of War. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a complete working version of Doom Eternal. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of Hearthstone: Heroes of Warcraft. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of Untitled Goose Game. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of Fallout 2.
Please build a complete working version of Fez. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory.
Show me a complete working version of Final Fantasy IV. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of Tekken 3. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of StarCraft II: Wings of Liberty?
Could you make a complete working version of The Oregon Trail. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of Papers Please. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of Mortal Kombat. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of Street Fighter IV. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of Homeworld. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of Katamari Damacy. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Streets of Rage 2.
Give me a complete working version of Super Meat Boy.
I want a complete working version of Monkey Island 2: LeChuck's Revenge. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of Sensible Soccer. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a complete working version of Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of Metal Gear Solid 2: Sons of Liberty. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of Animal Crossing. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of Mass Effect. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of Psychonauts. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of Battlefield 1942. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of Rome: Total War.
How about a complete working version of Dishonored 2. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Could you make a complete working version of Dance Dance Revolution. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of Thief II: The Metal Age. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of Gone Home.
Make a complete working version of Doom (2016). Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of Duke Nukem 3D. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Gears of War 2.
Give me a complete working version of Star Wars: The Arcade Game.
I want a complete working version of Monster Hunter: World. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of Fire Emblem: Awakening. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of Uncharted 4: A Thief's End?
Can you build a complete working version of Ultima IV: Quest of the Avatar. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of Horizon: Zero Dawn.
Please build a complete working version of Street Fighter III. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of Devil May Cry 3: Dante's Awakening. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of Bayonetta. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of Phantasy Star IV. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of Max Payne. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Could you make a complete working version of Dragon Quest Builders 2?
Let's make a complete working version of Sam & Max Hit the Road. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of Soul Calibur II. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of Ultima Underworld: The Stygian Abyss. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of Jet Grind Radio.
Create a complete working version of Borderlands 2. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Pro Evolution Soccer. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a complete working version of Star Fox. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of Banjo-Kazooie. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a complete working version of Sonic CD.
Can you make a complete working version of Ikaruga. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of Hitman: Blood Money. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of Out of This World. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of Death Stranding. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of Pokemon Sword/Shield. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of Quake II. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Could you make a complete working version of Ultima VII: The Black Gate?
Let's make a complete working version of Star Wars: X-Wing. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of The Witness (2016). Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of WarioWare Inc: Mega Microgames!. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of Unreal Tournament. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Beyond Good & Evil. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Populous. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a complete working version of BioShock Infinite. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of Wipeout.
Can you make a complete working version of Baldur's Gate. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of Xenoblade Chronicles. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of Lode Runner. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of Wing Commander. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of Nights Into Dreams. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of Suikoden II?
Could you make a complete working version of Fallout: New Vegas. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of Crazy Taxi. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of Speedball 2: Brutal Deluxe.
Make a complete working version of Adventure. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of Pirates!.
Create a complete working version of Geometry Wars: Retro Evolved. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Super Smash Bros. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Age of Empires. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a complete working version of Mario Kart 64. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a complete working version of Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of Dune II: The Building of a Dynasty. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of Panzer Dragoon Saga. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of Deltarune. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of Dragon Quest VIII: Journey of the Cursed King. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of The Stanley Parable. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of Dragon Warrior. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Could you make a complete working version of Silent Hill. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of Angry Birds.
Write me a complete working version of Final Fantasy. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of Sega Rally Championship.
Build a complete working version of Slay the Spire. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of Her Story. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of PaRappa the Rapper. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a complete working version of Mortal Kombat 11.
Make me a complete working version of Demon's Souls. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a complete working version of The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of Perfect Dark. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of Wipeout XL. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of MULE.
I'd like a complete working version of Virtua Fighter 2. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of Devil May Cry. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of Phantasy Star Online. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Could you make a complete working version of Wave Race 64. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of Hollow Knight. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of Marvel Vs Capcom 2: New Age of Heroes. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of God of War II. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of Heroes of Might and Magic III.
Create a complete working version of MechWarrior 2. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Company of Heroes. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Diablo III. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a complete working version of Star Control II. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds.
Build me a complete working version of LittleBigPlanet. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of Burnout Paradise?
Can you build a complete working version of The Sims 2. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of Herzog Zwei. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of Kentucky Route Zero. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of Final Fantasy VIII.
How about a complete working version of Marble Madness. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Could you make a complete working version of Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of Worms Armageddon. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of Cuphead. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of Animal Crossing: New Leaf. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of Total Annihilation. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of The Sims 3.
Code a complete working version of Hitman 2. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Valkyria Chronicles.
I want a complete working version of Alien: Isolation. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of F-Zero GX. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a complete working version of Dungeon Master. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of Crash Bandicoot: Warped?
Please make a complete working version of Dragon Age: Origins. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of Tempest 2000.
I'd like a complete working version of Ultima.
Put together a complete working version of Assassin's Creed Odyssey.
How about a complete working version of NBA 2K?
Could you make a complete working version of Life Is Strange. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of Among Us. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of Kingdom Hearts II. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of Wizardry: Proving Grounds of the Mad Overlord. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of Sonic and Knuckles.
I want a complete working version of Daytona USA.
Make me a complete working version of Max Payne 2: The Fall of Max Payne. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a complete working version of Championship Manager. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of OutRun 2. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of Warlords. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of Alone in the Dark. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of Saturn Bomberman. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of FTL: Faster Than Light.
Show me a complete working version of NFL 2K. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of Mass Effect 3. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of Colossal Cave Adventure?
Could you make a complete working version of Bionic Commando. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of Battlefield 2. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of King's Quest. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of Call of Duty 2. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of Crusader Kings II. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of California Games.
Give me a complete working version of Kingdom Hearts. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a complete working version of Alpha Centauri.
Make me a complete working version of We Happy Few.
Build me a complete working version of Worms. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of A Mind Forever Voyaging. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of Control?
Please make a complete working version of Virtua Fighter 4. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of Combat.
I'd like a complete working version of Virtua Fighter.
Show me a complete working version of Shovel Knight. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of Donkey Kong '94.
How about a complete working version of Star Wars: Jedi Knight - Dark Forces II?
Could you make a complete working version of Tekken 2?
Let's make a complete working version of Legacy of Kain: Soul Reaver. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of Super Monkey Ball. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of Rogue. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of The Sentinel.
Create a complete working version of Fable. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Titanfall 2. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Bust-A-Move.
I want a complete working version of Tetris Attack.
Make me a complete working version of Call of Duty. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a complete working version of Pac-Man Championship Edition. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of Ultima III: Exodus. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of Final Fantasy IX?
Please make a complete working version of Freespace 2.
Please build a complete working version of Ninja Gaiden (2004).
I'd like a complete working version of Virtua Racing. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of Sonic the Hedgehog 3. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of Syndicate.
How about a complete working version of Twisted Metal 2. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Could you make a complete working version of Flower?
Write me a complete working version of God Hand. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of Samurai Shodown.
Build a complete working version of Super Bomberman 2. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of Star Wars: X-Wing vs TIE Fighter. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of TowerFall. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of God of War III. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a complete working version of Peggle. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a complete working version of The Operative: No One Lives Forever. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of Virtua Tennis. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of Mega Bomberman. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of Grand Theft Auto. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of Elite Beat Agents.
Show me a complete working version of Maniac Mansion. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of Flashback. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Could you make a complete working version of Phantasy Star II. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of Mother 3.
Write me a complete working version of Assassin's Creed: Brotherhood. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of Battlezone. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of Sea of Thieves. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of Impossible Mission.
Code a complete working version of Oddworld: Abe’s Oddyssee.
Give me a complete working version of What Remains of Edith Finch.
I want a complete working version of The Chronicles of Riddick: Escape From Butcher Bay. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of The Binding of Isaac.
Build me a complete working version of Virtua Fighter 5. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of Super Smash Bros. Brawl?
Can you build a complete working version of Tomb Raider II?
Please build a complete working version of Dungeon Keeper.
I'd like a complete working version of Spacewar!. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of The World Ends With You.
Put together a complete working version of Pole Position. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of Eve Online. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Could you make a complete working version of Fable II. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of Ghosts N Goblins. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of Track & Field. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of Tetris Effect. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of Dragon's Lair. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of Unreal. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Cave Story. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Street Fighter Alpha 3. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a complete working version of Viewtiful Joe. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of Borderlands. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a complete working version of Crash Bandicoot.
Can you make a complete working version of Archon: The Light and the Dark?
Can you build a complete working version of RollerCoaster Tycoon?
Please make a complete working version of Castlevania III: Dracula's Curse. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of Gran Turismo 2. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of Ultima V: Warriors of Destiny.
Show me a complete working version of Ultima VI: The False Prophet. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of Jet Set Radio Future. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of Forza Horizon 4. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Could you make a complete working version of Ridge Racer. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of Gran Turismo 4. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of Skies of Arcadia.
Make a complete working version of Grand Prix Legends. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of Stunt Car Racer.
Create a complete working version of DuckTales. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Super Puzzle Fighter II Turbo. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Pac-Man Championship Edition DX. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a complete working version of Rayman 2: The Great Escape. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of Guardian Heroes. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a complete working version of Lumines. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of Super Mario Sunshine. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of Earthworm Jim?
Please make a complete working version of Chrono Cross. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of Hot Shots Golf. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of Manic Miner. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of Final Fantasy XII. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of Dragon Age: Inquisition. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of Diddy Kong Racing. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Could you make a complete working version of Vanquish. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of Bomberman. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of Geometry Wars: Retro Evolved 2. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of Final Fantasy XIV. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of Super Castlevania IV. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of Shinobi. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Dragon's Dogma. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Indiana Jones and the Fate of Atlantis. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a complete working version of Tempest. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of Ultima II: The Revenge of the Enchantress. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a complete working version of Head Over Heels. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of Pilotwings?
Can you build a complete working version of Ultima Underworld II: Labyrinth of Worlds. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of Ultima VII Part Two: Serpent Isle. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of Tomb Raider (2013). Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of Guild Wars 2. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of SimCity 3000. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of Killer 7.
How about a complete working version of After Burner. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Could you make a complete working version of Wing Commander II: Vengeance of the Kilrathi. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of NFL Blitz. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of Defense of the Ancients. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of Xenogears. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of Boulderdash.
Create a complete working version of King's Quest VI: Heir Today, Gone Tomorrow. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Carmageddon. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Warcraft: Orcs & Humans.
I want a complete working version of Descent.
Make me a complete working version of Snatcher. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a complete working version of Star Raiders. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of System Shock. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of International Karate +?
Please make a complete working version of Vib Ribbon.
Please build a complete working version of Shining Force II.
I'd like a complete working version of Hunt the Wumpus. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of NetHack.
How about a complete working version of Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Could you make a complete working version of Super Mario Maker. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of Conker's Bad Fur Day. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of Paperboy. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of Excitebike.
Build a complete working version of Paradroid.
Create a complete working version of Football Manager. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Vagrant Story. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Medal of Honor. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a complete working version of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Turtles in Time. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of Kirby's Adventure. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a complete working version of Dr. Mario.
Can you make a complete working version of Harvest Moon. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of Heavy Rain. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of Wonder Boy III: The Dragon's Trap. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of Theme Park. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of Puyo Puyo.
Put together a complete working version of Bastion.
How about a complete working version of Blood. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Could you make a complete working version of F-Zero X?
Let's make a complete working version of PGA Tour Golf. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of Spy Hunter. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of 1080° Snowboarding.
Build a complete working version of Golden Axe. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of Star Wars: Dark Forces. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Kirby's Dream Land. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Rainbow Islands: The Story of Bubble Bobble 2. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a complete working version of Bushido Blade. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of The Curse of Monkey Island. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a complete working version of Micro Machines. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of FS1 Flight Simulator. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of Full Throttle. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of Maze War.
Please build a complete working version of Duck Hunt. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of Space Channel 5.
Show me a complete working version of The Last Express. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of Grand Prix 2. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of Donkey Kong Country 2: Diddy's Kong Quest. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Could you make a complete working version of Marvel Vs Capcom: Clash of Super Heroes. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of Road Rash II. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of The Bard's Tale. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of Microsoft Flight Simulator. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of Burnout Revenge.
Create a complete working version of Eternal Darkness: Sanity's Requiem. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Cannon Fodder.
Give me a complete working version of Jet Set Willy.
I want a complete working version of Ecco the Dolphin. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of Valkyrie Profile. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a complete working version of Frequency.
Can you make a complete working version of Mortal Kombat 3?
Can you build a complete working version of Samba De Amigo. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of Defender of the Crown. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of Computer Space.
I'd like a complete working version of Sonic Adventure. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of Gran Trak 10.
How about a complete working version of SSX 3?
Could you make a complete working version of Firewatch. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of Galaxian.
Write me a complete working version of Jagged Alliance 2.
Make a complete working version of Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of Crysis. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of Shining Force. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Far Cry 3. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of IL-2 Sturmovik. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a complete working version of Phantasy Star. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of Phantasy Star III: Generations of Doom.
Build me a complete working version of Quest For Glory: So You Want to Be a Hero. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of Unreal Tournament 2004?
Can you build a complete working version of Zaxxon?
Please make a complete working version of Cart Life.
Please build a complete working version of Super Mario 3D World. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy.
Show me a complete working version of Ant Attack. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of ActRaiser.
How about a complete working version of Bully. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Could you make a complete working version of Strider. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of Super Punch-Out!!. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of DEFCON.
Make a complete working version of Devil's Crush. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of Persona 3. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of Demon Attack.
Code a complete working version of Wonder Boy.
Give me a complete working version of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a complete working version of Solitaire. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of Minesweeper.
Build me a complete working version of Mutant League Football. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of Heretic. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of Pinball Construction Set. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of Habitat.
Please build a complete working version of Aladdin. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of Leisure Suit Larry in the Land of the Lounge Lizards. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of Pokemon Black/White. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of 80 Days. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of Michael Jackson's Moonwalker?
Could you make a complete working version of X-Men?
Let's make a complete working version of Battlefield: Bad Company 2. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of Castle Wolfenstein. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of Pokemon Ruby/Sapphire/Emerald.
Build a complete working version of R4: Ridge Racer Type 4. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of Turrican II: The Final Fight. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Choplifter. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Colin McRae Rally 2.0.
I want a complete working version of Desert Strike. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of Dragon Force.
Build me a complete working version of Wizball.
Can you make a complete working version of Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2?
Can you build a complete working version of Power Stone 2?
Please make a complete working version of Blade Runner. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of Qbert. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of Mario Paint. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of Road Rash. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of Bejeweled. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of ET: The Extra-Terrestrial?
Could you make a complete working version of Shadowrun. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of Mario's Picross.
Write me a complete working version of Panzer Dragoon.
Make a complete working version of Railroad Tycoon. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of Aliens Versus Predator.
Create a complete working version of Super Star Wars. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Shenmue II. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Metal Gear.
I want a complete working version of Virtua Fighter 3. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of Super Sprint.
Build me a complete working version of Killer Instinct. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of Monster Hunter 4 Ultimate. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of Tenchu: Stealth Assassins. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of You Don't Know Jack!.
Please build a complete working version of Miner 2049er.
I'd like a complete working version of Metal Gear Solid 4: Guns of the Patriots. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of Jungle Strike.
Put together a complete working version of Yakuza 0. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of Vampire: The Masquerade – Redemption. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Could you make a complete working version of Amnesia: The Dark Descent?
Let's make a complete working version of Terminator 2: The Arcade Game. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of Wizardry VII: Crusaders of the Dark Savant. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of Dwarf Fortress. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of Metroid II: Return of Samus. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of Pilotwings 64. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Game & Watch. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Spyro the Dragon. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a complete working version of Manhunt. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of RC Pro-Am.
Build me a complete working version of Karate Champ. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of Paper Mario. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of Nier. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of Indy 500. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of Capcom vs. SNK 2: Mark of the Millennium 2001. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of Counter-Strike: Global Offensive.
Show me a complete working version of Star Wars: Jedi Knight II - Jedi Outcast.
Put together a complete working version of Oddworld: Abe's Exoddus.
How about a complete working version of River Raid?
Could you make a complete working version of Ori and the Blind Forest. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of Falcon 3.0. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of Exile. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of Space Quest IV: Roger Wilco and the Time Rippers.
Build a complete working version of Command & Conquer: Red Alert 2. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of Giants: Citizen Kabuto. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Tekken Tag Tournament. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Dead Space 2. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a complete working version of Puzzle Quest: Challenge of the Warlords. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of Time Crisis.
Build me a complete working version of Tennis For Two. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of Deus Ex: Human Revolution. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of Jumpman Junior?
Please make a complete working version of Marathon.
Please build a complete working version of SimCity 4. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of Far Cry 2. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of Command & Conquer: Tiberian Sun. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of Twisted Metal. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of Asheron's Call. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Could you make a complete working version of TimeSplitters 2. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of Red Baron II.
Write me a complete working version of Wonder Boy in Monster Land. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of Operation Wolf. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of Wing Commander III: Heart of the Tiger. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of Resident Evil 3: Nemesis. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Mario Kart 7. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Bushido Blade 2.
I want a complete working version of Bust-A-Move 2. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of Dead Rising. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a complete working version of Return Fire. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of Super Monaco GP. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of Master of Orion. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of International Superstar Soccer. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of Dark Souls II. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of BeatMania.
Show me a complete working version of Comanche: Maximum Overkill. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of Mafia. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Could you make a complete working version of Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of X-COM: Terror from the Deep. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of Virtua Cop. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of Myth: The Fallen Lords.
Build a complete working version of Baseball Stars.
Create a complete working version of AH-3 Thunderstrike. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Balance of Power. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a complete working version of WWF No Mercy. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of Ratchet & Clank: Up Your Arsenal. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a complete working version of Forza Motorsport 4. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of Lethal Enforcers?
Can you build a complete working version of Samurai Shodown II. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of R-Type Final. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of One-On-One. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of Castle Crashers. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of Star Control.
Put together a complete working version of Resident Evil Code: Veronica. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Could you make a complete working version of Mirror's Edge. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of Medieval II: Total War. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of Micro Machines 2: Turbo Tournament. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of Xenon 2: Megablast.
Build a complete working version of Saints Row: The Third.
Create a complete working version of Knight Lore. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Lemonade Stand. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Math Blaster. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a complete working version of Marvel Vs Capcom 3: Fate of Two Worlds. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of Ice Hockey.
Can you make a complete working version of Adventures of Lolo?
Can you build a complete working version of Super Off Road. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of Bonk's Adventure. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of Yo Noid. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of The Simpsons. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of Sunset Riders. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of Jazz Jackrabbit. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of Live A Live. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Could you make a complete working version of Links?
Let's make a complete working version of Spy vs Spy. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of Pajama Sam: No Need to Hide When It's Dark Outside.
Make a complete working version of The House of the Dead.
Build a complete working version of Robotron X. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of Snood.
Code a complete working version of X-Men Vs Street Fighter. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Turok: Dinosaur Hunter.
I want a complete working version of Doom 64. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of MDK. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a complete working version of The King of Fighters 97. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of Armored Core. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of WCW Vs NWO: World Tour. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of Bomberman 64. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of Pajama Sam 2: Thunder and Lightning Aren't so Frightening. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of WWF War Zone. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of Star Wars: Rogue Squadron. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of Spyro 2: Ripto's Rage!. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of WCW/NWO Revenge?
Could you make a complete working version of Turok 2: Seeds of Evil. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of Detective Barbie In the Mystery of the Carnival Caper!.
Write me a complete working version of Destiny 2. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of Rampart. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of Mappy. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of WarioWare: Twisted!.
Code a complete working version of Return to Castle Wolfenstein. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of The Hobbit. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of Wasteland. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a complete working version of Metal Gear Solid: Peace Walker. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of Prince of Persia 2: The Shadow and the Flame. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of Theme Hospital. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of Fantasy Zone II. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of Legacy of the Wizard. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of The Guardian Legend. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of MUSHA. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of Gimmick?
Could you make a complete working version of Dragon Quest V: Hand of the Heavenly Bride. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of Final Fantasy V. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of Violent Storm. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of Castlevania: Rondo of Blood. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of Gabriel Knight: Sins of the Father. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of Batsugun. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Quest For Glory: Shadow of Darkness. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Windjammers. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a complete working version of Alien Vs Predator. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of Puyo Puyo 2. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a complete working version of Realms of Arkania: Star Trail.
Can you make a complete working version of Demon's Crest. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of Medal of Honor: Allied Assault. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of Last Ninja 2: Back With A Vengeance.
I'd like a complete working version of Vampire: The Masquerade – Bloodlines. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of Cosmology of Kyoto.
Put together a complete working version of Trials of Mana. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of Battle Garegga. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Could you make a complete working version of Sexy Parodius?
Let's make a complete working version of Broken Sword: The Shadow of the Templars.
Write me a complete working version of Tron.
Make a complete working version of Summer Games. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of Twinkle Star Sprites. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of Terranigma. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Gradius Gaiden. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Shock Troopers. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a complete working version of Darkstalkers 3. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of Klonoa: Door to Phantomile. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a complete working version of Mega Man Legends. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of The Last Blade 2. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic II – The Sith Lords?
Please make a complete working version of Hard Hat Mack.
Please build a complete working version of Boulderdash 2. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of Sega Rally 2.
Show me a complete working version of The Ancient Art of War. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of Turbo OutRun. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of Starsiege: Tribes?
Could you make a complete working version of Urban Strike. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of Turmoil. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of Hitman 2: Silent Assassin. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of Empire.
Build a complete working version of Space Race. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of Spasim.
Code a complete working version of Shark Jaws. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Gun Fight. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a complete working version of Pedit5.
Make me a complete working version of Heavyweight Champ. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a complete working version of Atari Football. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of Orbit. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of Space Panic?
Please build a complete working version of Populous II.
I'd like a complete working version of Ballblazer.
Show me a complete working version of Disgaea: Hour of Darkness.
Put together a complete working version of Buster Bros..
How about a complete working version of Metal Slug 3. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Could you make a complete working version of Smash TV. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of Rampage. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of Mother.
Build a complete working version of Heroes of Might and Magic II. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of DoDonPachi.
Code a complete working version of Realms of the Haunting.
Give me a complete working version of Body Harvest.
I want a complete working version of Myth II: Soulblighter.
Make me a complete working version of The Lurking Horror.
Can you build a complete working version of The Need For Speed. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of NFL GameDay. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of Mario Party. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of Team Fortress Classic. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of Star Wars: Episode I – Racer. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of Out of the Park Baseball. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of Persona 2: Innocent Sin?
Could you make a complete working version of Mario Golf. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of Pokemon Snap. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of Grand Theft Auto 2.
Make a complete working version of WWF WrestleMania 2000. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of Underwurlde. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of Kirby Super Star. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Tekken. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Panzer Dragoon II Zwei.
I want a complete working version of Dungeons & Dragons: Pool of Radiance. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of Tactics Ogre: Let Us Cling Together. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a complete working version of R-Type Delta. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of Garou: Mark of the Wolves. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of World Series Baseball. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of Fatal Frame II: Crimson Butterfly. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of Gauntlet II. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of Pokemon Go. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of Jak and Daxter: The Precursor Legacy. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of I Have No Mouth and I Must Scream?
Could you make a complete working version of The House of the Dead 2?
Let's make a complete working version of Kirby: Canvas Curse.
Write me a complete working version of NCAA Football. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of Discs of Tron.
Build a complete working version of Rave Racer. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of Burnout 2: Point of Impact.
Code a complete working version of River City Ransom.
Give me a complete working version of Point Blank 2. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of The Typing of the Dead.
Build me a complete working version of SingStar. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of Crimson Skies?
Can you build a complete working version of Mercenary?
Please make a complete working version of Mystery House. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of Arcanum: Of Steamworks and Magick Obscura.
Show me a complete working version of Grid.
Put together a complete working version of Star Wars: X-Wing Alliance.
How about a complete working version of Star Wars: Rogue Squadron II - Rogue Leader?
Could you make a complete working version of King's Quest II: Romancing the Throne. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of Castlevania: Aria of Sorrow. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of King's Quest III: To Heir Is Human. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of Amplitude. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of Koronis Rift.
Create a complete working version of Homeworld 2. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Skool Daze.
Give me a complete working version of Sabre Wulf.
Make me a complete working version of Dungeons & Dragons. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a complete working version of Uridium. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of Deus Ex Machina. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of Crossfire?
Please make a complete working version of Lucifer's Realm. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of MasterType. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of Turbo. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of The Arcade Machine.
Put together a complete working version of Astro Chase. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of Aztec?
Could you make a complete working version of Deadline. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of Fort Apocalypse. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of Ken Uston's Professional Blackjack. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of Kid Grid. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of The Mask of the Sun.
Create a complete working version of Millionaire: The Stock Market Simulation. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Night Mission Pinball.
Give me a complete working version of Preppie. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a complete working version of Snooper Troops: Case #1 - The Granite Point Ghost. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of Snooper Troops: Case #2 - The Case of the Disappearing Dolphin. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a complete working version of Spy's Demise. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of Beach-Head?
Can you build a complete working version of Blue Max. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of Combat Leader. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of Drol.
I'd like a complete working version of Fax. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of International Soccer.
Put together a complete working version of Juice.
How about a complete working version of Jumpman. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Could you make a complete working version of Knights of the Desert?
Let's make a complete working version of Minit Man.
Write me a complete working version of Murder by the Dozen. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of Murder on the Zinderneuf. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of Oil Barons. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of Oil's Well.
Code a complete working version of Operation Whirlwind. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Pitstop.
I want a complete working version of Planetfall. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of Pogo Joe.
Build me a complete working version of Rally Speedway.
Can you make a complete working version of Repton. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of Rescue Squad. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of Sargon III. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of Shamus: Case II. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of Spare Change.
Show me a complete working version of Star League Baseball.
Put together a complete working version of The Witness (1983). Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of Zombies. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Could you make a complete working version of Adventure Construction Set?
Let's make a complete working version of Agent USA. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of Beyond Castle Wolfenstein.
Make a complete working version of Cutthroats. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of Dimension X. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of Dragonworld. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Earthly Delights. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Fahrenheit 451. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a complete working version of Intellectual Decathlon. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of Mindshadow. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a complete working version of Rescue on Fractalus.
Can you make a complete working version of Run For the Money?
Can you build a complete working version of The Seven Cities of Gold. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of Space Taxi. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of SunDog: Frozen Legacy. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of Suspect. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of Timeship: Murder at the End of Time. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of Xyphus. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of Plants vs Zombies. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Could you make a complete working version of Hang-On?
Let's make a complete working version of The Way of the Exploding Fist. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of Super Hang-On. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of Kiwi Kraze. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of Stunts.
Code a complete working version of Centurion: Defender of Rome. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Colorado.
I want a complete working version of King's Bounty. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a complete working version of Commander Keen: Goodbye Galaxy!. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of Choplifter II. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of Dizzy: Prince of the Yolkfolk?
Please make a complete working version of Gobliiins. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of Starfleet Orion.
I'd like a complete working version of Invasion Orion.
Show me a complete working version of Temple of Apshai.
Put together a complete working version of Datestones of Ryn. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of Morloc's Tower?
Could you make a complete working version of Hellfire Warrior. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of Rescue at Rigel.
Write me a complete working version of Star Warrior. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of Crush, Crumble and Chomp!.
Build a complete working version of Upper Reaches of Apshai. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of Curse of Ra. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of The Keys of Acheron.
Give me a complete working version of Adventureland.
I want a complete working version of Pirate Adventure. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of Secret Mission.
Build me a complete working version of Voodoo Castle. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of The Count. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of Strange Odyssey?
Please make a complete working version of Mystery Fun House.
Please build a complete working version of Pyramid of Doom. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of Ghost Town. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of Savage Island. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of Savage Island Part Two. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of Golden Voyage?
Could you make a complete working version of Sorcerer of Claymorgue Castle?
Let's make a complete working version of Starcross.
Write me a complete working version of Suspended. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of Enchanter.
Build a complete working version of Infidel.
Create a complete working version of Sorcerer.
Code a complete working version of Seastalker. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Wishbringer.
I want a complete working version of Spellbreaker. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of Ballyhoo. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a complete working version of Leather Goddesses of Phobos.
Can you make a complete working version of Trinity?
Can you build a complete working version of Moonmist. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of Hollywood Hijinx. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of Bureaucracy.
I'd like a complete working version of Stationfall. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of Plundered Hearts.
Put together a complete working version of Nord and Bert Couldn't Make Head or Tail of It. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of Beyond Zork. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Could you make a complete working version of Border Zone?
Let's make a complete working version of Sherlock: The Riddle of the Crown Jewels. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of Zork II.
Make a complete working version of Zork III. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of Hamurabi. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of Eliza. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Super Star Trek.
Give me a complete working version of Ladder.
I want a complete working version of Sargon II. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of Mychess. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a complete working version of Telengard. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of Dnieper River Line?
How about a complete working version of Wizard of Wor?
Let's make a complete working version of Venture. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of Food Fight. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Kangaroo. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of Chuckie Egg. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Could you make a complete working version of Atic Atac. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of Thrust.
Write me a complete working version of Karateka. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a complete working version of Bruce Lee. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of Archon.
Create a complete working version of Archon II: Adept.
Code a complete working version of M.U.L.E. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Pitfall II: Lost Caverns. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of Keystone Kapers. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of Enduro. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of Barnstorming.
I'd like a complete working version of Stargate.
Show me a complete working version of Frenzy. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of Pac-Mania?
Could you make a complete working version of Jr. Pac-Man?
Let's make a complete working version of Super Pac-Man.
Build a complete working version of Clu Clu Land. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of Pooyan. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Lady Bug. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Front Line.
Build me a complete working version of Horace Goes Skiing.
Can you make a complete working version of Hungry Horace?
Can you build a complete working version of Lunar Jetman?
Please make a complete working version of Back to Skool. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of Alien 8. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of Punch-Out!!. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of Decathlon. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of Winter Games.
How about a complete working version of Bump 'n' Jump?
Could you make a complete working version of Dig Dug II?
Let's make a complete working version of Pole Position II.
Write me a complete working version of Mr. Do's Castle.
Make a complete working version of The Tower of Druaga. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of Dragon Buster.
Create a complete working version of Gravitar. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of Black Widow. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Major Havoc. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a complete working version of Moon Cresta.
Make me a complete working version of Pleiads.
Build me a complete working version of Bagman.
Can you make a complete working version of Mouse Trap. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of Lock 'n' Chase?
Please make a complete working version of Make Trax.
Please build a complete working version of Zookeeper. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of Satan's Hollow.
Show me a complete working version of Crisis Mountain. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of Mr. Robot and His Robot Factory. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of Boulder Dash II. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Could you make a complete working version of Nebulus?
Let's make a complete working version of Klax. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of Pipemania.
Make a complete working version of Cauldron.
Build a complete working version of Spellbound. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of Pssst.
Code a complete working version of Transversion.
Give me a complete working version of Hogan's Alley.
I want a complete working version of Wild Gunman. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of Wrecking Crew.
Build me a complete working version of Urban Champion. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of Gyromite?
Can you build a complete working version of SonSon. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of Rush'n Attack. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of TwinBee.
Put together a complete working version of Jackal. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of Fantasy Zone. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Could you make a complete working version of Out Run. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of Altered Beast. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of Renegade.
Make a complete working version of Barbarian: The Ultimate Warrior. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of Rolling Thunder. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of Blades of Steel. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of One on One: Dr. J vs. Larry Bird.
Give me a complete working version of The Great Escape.
I want a complete working version of Section Z.
Make me a complete working version of Trojan. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a complete working version of Side Arms. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of Chase H.Q. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of Xenophobe. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of Toobin'. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of Skate or Die.
I'd like a complete working version of Joust 2. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of Questron. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of Space Quest. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of Gaplus. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Could you make a complete working version of Sky Kid?
Let's make a complete working version of Motos. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of Enchanted Scepters. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of Airborne!. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Could you make a complete working version of Dark Castle?
Let's make a complete working version of Beyond Dark Castle. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of Crystal Quest.
Make a complete working version of Shufflepuck Cafe.
Build a complete working version of Glider. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of Sky Shadow. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a complete working version of The Fool's Errand. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Shanghai.
I want a complete working version of The Ancient Art of War at Sea. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of Patton Versus Rommel. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a complete working version of Strategic Conquest. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a complete working version of Empire: Wargame of the Century. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of Falcon. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of GATO. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of Orbiter. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a complete working version of Deja Vu: A Nightmare Comes True. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a complete working version of Uninvited. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a complete working version of Shadowgate. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
How about a complete working version of Deja Vu II: Lost in Las Vegas?
Could you make a complete working version of Quarterstaff. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a complete working version of The Colony. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a complete working version of Trust and Betrayal: The Legacy of Siboot.
Make a complete working version of Hidden Agenda.
Build a complete working version of The Manhole. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a complete working version of Cosmic Osmo and the Worlds Beyond the Mackerel.
Code a complete working version of Scarab of Ra. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a complete working version of Through the Looking Glass. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a complete working version of Apache Strike. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a complete working version of Stunt Copter.
Build me a complete working version of Fokker Triplane.
Can you make a complete working version of Zork Zero. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a complete working version of Arthur: The Quest for Excalibur. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a complete working version of James Clavell's Shogun. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a complete working version of Loom.
I'd like a complete working version of Welltris. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of hangman.
Write me a two-player game of a maze chase.
Write me a two-player game of pinball. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of whack-a-mole.
Write me a kid-friendly game of simon says.
Write me a game of a memory matching grid.
Write me a two-player game of sudoku. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of klondike solitaire.
Write me a kid-friendly game of freecell. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of checkers. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of chess.
Write me a two-player game of reversi. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of connect four.
Write me a kid-friendly game of tic tac toe.
Write me a game of gomoku.
Write me a one-screen game of battleship. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of mastermind.
Write me a timed one-minute game of wordle.
Write me a kid-friendly game of boggle. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of blackjack. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of video poker. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of yahtzee. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of bingo. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of higher or lower.
Write me a game of crazy eights.
Write me a one-screen game of go fish.
Write me a two-player game of hearts. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of uno. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of war.
Write me a game of flappy bird.
Write me a one-screen game of a doodle-jump climber.
Write me a two-player game of a runner that ducks and jumps. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of 2048. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a sliding puzzle.
Write me a game of a nonogram.
Write me a one-screen game of a lights-out grid.
Write me a two-player game of sokoban. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a pipe-connecting puzzle.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a match-three board.
Write me a game of a bubble shooter. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a tower of hanoi. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a typing racer. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a falling-word typist.
Write me a kid-friendly game of an anagram solver race.
Write me a game of hangman with a drawing of a rocket.
Write me a one-screen game of a crossword you fill by clicking.
Write me a two-player game of a trivia quiz with four buttons.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a flag quiz. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a capital-city quiz.
Write me a game of a times-table drill.
Write me a one-screen game of a spelling bee. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a reaction-time test. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a stroop color test. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of an aim trainer. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a duck hunt.
Write me a one-screen game of a carnival ring toss.
Write me a two-player game of a balloon pop. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a dart board.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a bowling lane. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a mini golf hole.
Write me a one-screen game of a basketball free throw.
Write me a two-player game of a soccer penalty kick. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a tennis rally.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a air-hockey table. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a foosball flick. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a curling sheet.
Write me a two-player game of a shuffleboard deck. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a horseshoe pit. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a fishing cast.
Write me a game of a ski slalom. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a skateboard trick line.
Write me a two-player game of a surfing wave. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a kayak gate run.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a bike hill climb.
Write me a game of a boxing round. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a fencing lunge drill. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a archery range. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a cannon you angle and fire.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a tank duel on a tiny map.
Write me a game of a submarine that dodges depth charges.
Write me a one-screen game of a helicopter that rescues people.
Write me a two-player game of a lunar lander. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a space docking sim.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a asteroid miner. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a planet defense turret. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a zombie lane shooter. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a vampire survivors style arena. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a top-down shooter in one room. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a light-cycle arena.
Write me a game of a snake that leaves a wall. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a tron disk bounce. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a billiards break.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a pool trick shot. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a air hockey goal.
Write me a game of a pong match against a second paddle you control.
Write me a one-screen game of a breakout with falling power-ups.
Write me a two-player game of a tetris that lets you hold one piece. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a columns color stack.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a dr mario bottle.
Write me a game of a puzzle bobble chain. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a q bert pyramid.
Write me a two-player game of a frog that crosses a river of logs. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a chicken that crosses the road.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a kangaroo that punches boxers. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a donkey kong style barrel climb. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a platformer with one screen and a flag.
Write me a two-player game of a metroid tiny corridor. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a mega-man style hallway. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a mario style pipe room. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a celeste style climb of one cliff. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a ice level where you slide. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a lava floor you hop across. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a ghost house with disappearing blocks. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a bomb you place like bomberman. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a dig dug tunnel.
Write me a one-screen game of a boulder dash cave.
Write me a two-player game of a lemmings march with one job button.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a the incredible machine style lever.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a marble run you tilt. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a labyrinth tilt maze. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a maze you draw to guide a ball.
Write me a two-player game of a pac-man style dot eater.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a ms pac-man style moving maze.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a lockpick minigame with a rotating pin.
Write me a game of a safe cracker.
Write me a one-screen game of a wire-cut bomb defusal.
Write me a two-player game of a laser maze with mirrors. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a ricochet shot.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a pool of piranhas you cross on turtles. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a lily pad jump. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a firefly catch at night.
Write me a two-player game of a bug squash. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a garden where you water plants before they wilt.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a tamagotchi pet. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a virtual cat you pet and feed. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a dog that learns one trick.
Write me a two-player game of a farm plot you plant and harvest.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a lemonade stand. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a pizza shop with a timer. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a sushi belt.
Write me a one-screen game of a coffee shop orders. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a burger flip. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a ice cream stack. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a cake decorator.
Write me a game of a sandwich builder. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a food truck rush.
Write me a two-player game of a restaurant with three tables. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a hotel desk with arriving guests. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a airport baggage claim matcher. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a train platform you stop at stations.
Write me a one-screen game of a subway runner on one track.
Write me a two-player game of a traffic light crossing. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a parking lot puzzle.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a forklift warehouse. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a crane that stacks containers.
Write me a one-screen game of a tower crane and swinging wrecking ball.
Write me a two-player game of a bridge builder of struts. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a domino run you set up.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a house of cards. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a jenga tower. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a block stacking balance.
Write me a two-player game of a seesaw balance puzzle. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a catapult that hits a target. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a trebuchet angle toy. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a paper airplane distance throw. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a kite you keep in the wind. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a hot air balloon that avoids birds.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a parachute landing on a pad.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a skydiving ring dive.
Write me a game of a base jump off one cliff. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a wingsuit gate flight.
Write me a two-player game of a drone obstacle course.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a robot vacuum that cleans one room.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a roomba race. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a line-following robot.
Write me a one-screen game of a sumo robot ring. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a robot that stacks boxes. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a factory belt you sort colors.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a conveyor sushi defense.
Write me a game of a tower defense with one path.
Write me a one-screen game of a plant versus a single lane of creeps.
Write me a two-player game of a castle wall you repair. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a moat and a drawbridge timing game.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a knight that parries one dragon. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a wizard duel of elements. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a potion mixing puzzle. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a alchemy shelf. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a spell typing game.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a rune matching circle.
Write me a game of a dungeon door with a riddle. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a text adventure of three rooms.
Write me a two-player game of a point and click desk.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a hidden object scene. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a where's waldo style scene.
Write me a game of a spot the difference pair.
Write me a one-screen game of a jigsaw of twelve pieces. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a tangram board. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a origami folder of one crane.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a paper doll dress up.
Write me a game of a sticker scene.
Write me a one-screen game of a coloring book page.
Write me a two-player game of a pixel paint grid.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a etch a sketch.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a spirograph.
Write me a game of a kaleidoscope you spin.
Write me a one-screen game of a fireworks show you time. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a sparkler you draw with.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a sand drawing that the tide erases.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a zen garden rake.
Write me a game of a koi pond you feed.
Write me a one-screen game of a aquarium you stock. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a ant farm. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a beehive you keep calm. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a bird feeder and a checklist. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a whale watch clicker.
Write me a one-screen game of a safari photo hunt. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a dinosaur dig. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a fossil cleaner. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a museum placard quiz.
Write me a game of a piano of one octave. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a drum machine of four pads. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a guitar hero highway of four keys.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a rhythm tap to a steady beat.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a metronome you clap along with.
Write me a game of a sequencer of sixteen steps.
Write me a one-screen game of a theremin you move the mouse over.
Write me a two-player game of a xylophone. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a karaoke pitch meter. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a name that tune of three notes.
Write me a game of a musical chairs of dots. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a dance pad of four arrows.
Write me a two-player game of a simon melody that gets longer.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a chord guesser.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a interval trainer.
Write me a game of a sight reading flash of one note.
Write me a one-screen game of a bpm tap timer.
Write me a two-player game of a loop station of two bars. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a rain sound mixer of three sliders. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a city noise box.
Write me a game of a morse code tapper. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a signal flag quiz. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a semaphore spelling toy. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a lighthouse flash pattern you copy.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a radio tuner that finds a station.
Write me a game of a compass heading game.
Write me a one-screen game of a map pin drop of countries.
Write me a two-player game of a license plate spotter.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a road sign quiz. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a clock you set to the right time.
Write me a game of a calendar you find a date on.
Write me a one-screen game of a stopwatch with a lap button.
Write me a two-player game of a egg timer.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a pomodoro block.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a alarm you dismiss with a math problem. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a world clock of four cities.
Write me a one-screen game of a sundial you rotate.
Write me a two-player game of a moon phase clicker.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a constellation connector. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a planet order drag game.
Write me a game of a solar system orrery. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a gravity slingshot.
Write me a two-player game of a orbit matching puzzle. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a rocket staging toy.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a spacewalk with a tether. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a mars rover that avoids rocks. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a moon buggy jump. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a satellite dish you aim. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a weather vane.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a barometer reading quiz. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a cloud type flash cards. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a rain collector. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a snowflake you design once.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a ice skating figure of one routine. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a hockey shootout. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a baseball pitch you time. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a cricket bowl. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a volleyball set and spike. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a badminton rally. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a table tennis serve.
Write me a game of a squash front wall.
Write me a one-screen game of a racquetball. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a lacrosse shot. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a rugby conversion kick.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a american football field goal.
Write me a game of a golf putting green with a break.
Write me a one-screen game of a bowling split you pick up. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a darts 501. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a snooker red then color.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a croquet wicket.
Write me a game of a bocce court. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a petanque throw.
Write me a two-player game of a horseshoes ringer. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a cornhole board.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a ladder toss.
Write me a game of a kan jam.
Write me a one-screen game of a spikeball bump.
Write me a two-player game of a four square court.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a dodgeball one court.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a kickball infield. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a whiffle ball.
Write me a one-screen game of a tee ball. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a catch with a growing distance.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a frisbee accuracy.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a boomerang return.
Write me a game of a yo-yo trick of one string.
Write me a one-screen game of a top you keep spinning.
Write me a two-player game of a diabolo toss.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a juggling of three balls.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a card flourish trainer.
Write me a game of a coin flip caller.
Write me a one-screen game of a dice race of two dice.
Write me a two-player game of a pig dice game.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a liar's dice.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a yacht dice. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a backgammon race. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a parcheesi. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a snakes and ladders.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a sorry style board.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a candyland style draw.
Write me a game of a the game of life spinner.
Write me a one-screen game of a monopoly style one block.
Write me a two-player game of a clue style one room deduction. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a stratego one battle.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a risk style one continent.
Write me a game of a chess puzzle of mate in one.
Write me a one-screen game of a checkers force jump.
Write me a two-player game of a go capture of one group.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a mancala pit. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a dominoes train. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a mahjong solitaire of one layer.
Write me a one-screen game of a spider solitaire.
Write me a two-player game of a pyramid solitaire.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a tripeaks.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a accordion solitaire.
Write me a game of a golf solitaire. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a canfield. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a calculation solitaire.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a clock solitaire. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a forty thieves. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of klondike with a three card draw. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a free cell that starts easy.
Write me a two-player game of a memory path of lights. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a sequence of arrows you repeat. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a pattern copy on a grid.
Write me a game of a odd one out.
Write me a one-screen game of a which cup hides the ball.
Write me a two-player game of a shell game. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a three card monte you should not trust. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a high low card streak.
Write me a game of a twenty one counting toy.
Write me a one-screen game of a red black streak.
Write me a two-player game of a roulette wheel you just watch and bet one chip. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a craps pass line.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a keno pick of five.
Write me a game of a lottery number match.
Write me a one-screen game of a scratch card.
Write me a two-player game of a slot machine of three reels. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a prize wheel. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a claw machine. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a gacha capsule you should see the odds of. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a blind bag opener. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a trading card pack. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a deck builder of five cards.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a auto battler of three units. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a one lane card fight. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a hero that has three spells.
Write me a two-player game of a boss with a telegraphed stomp. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a dodge the falling rocks.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a bullet heaven of one minute.
Write me a game of a survival of sixty seconds. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a last balloon standing. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a king of the hill dot.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a tag you're it.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a hide and seek of one room. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a capture the flag on a tiny field.
Write me a one-screen game of a tug of war.
Write me a two-player game of a arm wrestling meter.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a thumb war.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a rock paper scissors with a streak.
Write me a game of a odds and evens.
Write me a one-screen game of a chopstick finger count.
Write me a two-player game of a twenty one sticks.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a nim heap.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a kayles bowling pins. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a subtract a square. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a geography chain of names.
Write me a two-player game of a categories with a letter. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a scattergories style list. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a taboo describe the word. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a pictionary one word.
Write me a one-screen game of a charades pose buttons.
Write me a two-player game of a two truths and a lie quiz.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a would you rather.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a this or that swipe.
Write me a game of a personality quiz of five questions.
Write me a one-screen game of a which pizza topping are you.
Write me a two-player game of a name generator you roll.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a diceware password toy.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a coin that flips fairly.
Write me a game of a wheel of names.
Write me a one-screen game of a turn randomizer.
Write me a two-player game of a scoreboard for two names.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a tournament bracket of four.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a best of five counter.
Write me a game of a penalty shootout score. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a overtime coin flip.
Write me a two-player game of a referee whistle toy. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a play clock you count down.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a shot clock. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a chess clock for two buttons.
Write me a one-screen game of a cube scramble timer.
Write me a two-player game of a rubik simulator of one face turns.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a fifteen puzzle.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a klotski block slide.
Write me a game of a rush hour car park.
Write me a one-screen game of a unblock the red car.
Write me a two-player game of a parking jam.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a flow free style links.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a numberlink.
Write me a game of a bridges hash i. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a slitherlink loop. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a nurikabe islands.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a heyawake rooms.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a akari light bulbs.
Write me a game of a tents and trees. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a star battle. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a sudoku of four by four.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a kenken cage.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a futoshiki. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a kakuro run. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a killer sudoku cage of one house.
Write me a two-player game of a word search of eight words.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a word scramble.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a anagram of one long word.
Write me a game of a spelling hangman of animals. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a vocabulary flash card.
Write me a two-player game of a synonym match.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a antonym match.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a rhyming pair.
Write me a game of a syllable count tap. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a haiku checker of five seven five.
Write me a two-player game of a mad lib you fill. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a rebus puzzle. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a emoji movie title.
Write me a game of a cryptic clue of one word.
Write me a one-screen game of a crossword clue and a letter bank.
Write me a two-player game of a alphabet race.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a keyboard row typist.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a home row drill.
Write me a game of a number pad drill.
Write me a one-screen game of a code typing of a short function.
Write me a two-player game of a css color you match by eye.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a hex color guesser.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a contrast checker of two swatches.
Write me a game of a font pairing picker. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a layout you nudge with arrow keys.
Write me a two-player game of a pixel perfect align game.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a bezier curve you match.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a animation timing you stop on the beat.
Write me a game of a sprite sheet clicker of frames.
Write me a one-screen game of a walk cycle you step. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a lip flap you time.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a camera pan of one scene. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a cutscene of three captions.
Write me a game of a dialogue tree of four lines.
Write me a one-screen game of a shop with three items and gold.
Write me a two-player game of a inventory of eight slots.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a crafting of two ingredients.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a campfire you keep lit.
Write me a game of a hunger bar you snack. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a thirst bar. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a stamina bar you sprint.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a health potion you time. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a shield you raise. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a parry window. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a dodge roll with cooldown.
Write me a two-player game of a double jump. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a wall slide. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a grappling hook to one peg. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a rope swing. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a ladder climb.
Write me a two-player game of a conveyor belt platform.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a wind that pushes a balloon.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a gravity flip. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a magnet that attracts coins.
Write me a one-screen game of a key and a locked door.
Write me a two-player game of a pressure plate and a door.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a torch that reveals fog.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a battery that powers a lamp. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a circuit of one switch and a bulb.
Write me a one-screen game of a logic gate and or not toy.
Write me a two-player game of a truth table you fill.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a binary count clicker.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a hex dump reader of four bytes.
Write me a game of a morse you decode. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a caesar cipher wheel.
Write me a two-player game of a substitution cipher toy. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a pig latin converter.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a pigpen cipher.
Write me a game of a semaphore you show a letter.
Write me a one-screen game of a flag of the day quiz.
Write me a two-player game of a state capital drag.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a country outline quiz. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a river you trace. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a mountain height order. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a ocean name match. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a biome matcher.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a food chain you order.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a water cycle you click in order.
Write me a game of a photosynthesis labeling. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a cell parts drag.
Write me a two-player game of a skeleton you label. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a tooth brushing timer.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a hand wash timer of twenty seconds.
Write me a game of a posture stretch reminder. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a breathing bubble of four seconds.
Write me a two-player game of a box breathing guide.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a jumping jack counter.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a squat counter. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a plank timer.
Write me a one-screen game of a step counter you click.
Write me a two-player game of a water glass tracker of eight.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a mood clicker of five faces. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a gratitude line you type. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a one sentence diary.
Write me a one-screen game of a habit check of three boxes.
Write me a two-player game of a kanban of three columns.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a todo list of one list.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a timer for a meeting. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a poll of three choices. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a spinner of chores.
Write me a two-player game of a chore wheel for four names.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a allowance calculator.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a tip calculator.
Write me a game of a split the bill. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a unit converter of inches and centimeters.
Write me a two-player game of a temperature converter. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a percentage of a number.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a fraction simplifier you guess.
Write me a game of a roman numeral quiz.
Write me a one-screen game of a clock angle quiz. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a change making game. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a cash register. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a coin counting jar.
Write me a game of a budget of three envelopes. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a lemonade profit. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a stock ticker you buy one share of a fake price.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a savings jar fill. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a interest calculator you step by year.
Write me a game of a measurement you read off a ruler.
Write me a one-screen game of a protractor angle guess.
Write me a two-player game of a balance scale with weights.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a spring scale. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a thermometer you read. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a speedometer needle.
Write me a one-screen game of a odometer trip. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a gas gauge you don't run out.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a battery charge icon game.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a signal strength you find the spot.
Write me a game of a volume slider ear test of louder. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a brightness match.
Write me a two-player game of a focus the blurry photo.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a crop a photo to a square. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a red eye click.
Write me a game of a before and after slider. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a panorama you align two photos.
Write me a two-player game of a stamp album. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a coin album.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a bug collection. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a leaf collection.
Write me a one-screen game of a rock collection you label. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a sticker album of eight. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a badge board. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a achievement pop of one toast.
Write me a game of a high score table of five.
Write me a one-screen game of a replay of the last ten seconds as text.
Write me a two-player game of a ghost race of your last run. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a daily seed you can share as a number.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a seed you type to replay a maze. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a color by number. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a paint by sticker. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a mosaic of tiles. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a bead pattern. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a friendship bracelet pattern.
Write me a game of a scarf knit row counter.
Write me a one-screen game of a cross stitch grid. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a pottery wheel you spin. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a pottery wheel. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a glass blowing bubble you heat.
Write me a game of a blacksmith timing the hammer.
Write me a one-screen game of a wood shop measure twice.
Write me a two-player game of a nail you hammer straight. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a screw you turn until flush.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a paint the fence in one coat.
Write me a game of a mow a lawn in rows.
Write me a one-screen game of a rake the leaves into a pile.
Write me a two-player game of a snow shovel a path.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a ice scrape a windshield.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a car wash sponge. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a vacuum a rug in stripes.
Write me a one-screen game of a wash the dishes in order. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a sort recycling into three bins.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a compost what belongs. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a plant a seed and wait a short timer.
Write me a game of a water the plant when the soil looks dry.
Write me a one-screen game of a prune one branch. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a harvest the red tomatoes only.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a feed the chickens.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a collect the eggs.
Write me a game of a milk a cow with a timing bar.
Write me a one-screen game of a shear a sheep. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a herd two sheep into a pen.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a ride a horse along a fence.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a saddle the horse in order.
Write me a game of a walk a dog that pulls. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a teach a parrot one word.
Write me a two-player game of a fish tank temperature you keep in range.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a camp stove you light safely in steps.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a tent you pitch in order.
Write me a game of a camp map with an x you pace off. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a trail blaze you follow.
Write me a two-player game of a compass bearing you walk.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a knot tying of a bowline in steps. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a rope coil.
Write me a game of a flashlight battery swap. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a first aid order of operations quiz.
Write me a two-player game of a fire extinguisher pass toy.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a stop drop roll quiz.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a crosswalk look both ways. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a seatbelt click.
Write me a one-screen game of a bike helmet check.
Write me a two-player game of a traffic quiz of three signs.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a right of way intersection. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a parallel park between two cars.
Write me a game of a three point turn.
Write me a one-screen game of a lane change mirror check. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a speed limit match. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a following distance. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a train crossing stop. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a drawbridge wait. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a ferry you drive onto.
Write me a two-player game of a bus you pull the cord for your stop. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a elevator you pick a floor. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a vending machine with exact change.
Write me a game of a payphone you dial a short number.
Write me a one-screen game of a postcard you address. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a stamp you place in the corner.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a envelope you seal.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a mailbox flag you raise. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a package you tape and label. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a barcode you must align. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a qr code you pretend to scan by clicking. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a library checkout desk. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a due date stamp.
Write me a game of a bookshelf sort by author.
Write me a one-screen game of a card catalog search. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a quiet meter you keep low.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a microscope focus. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a slide you label. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a telescope you find one star.
Write me a one-screen game of a binocular bird id.
Write me a two-player game of a camera exposure you set.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a tripod timer.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a film you wind. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a darkroom tray order. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a print you hang to dry. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a gallery wall you space evenly.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a frame you hang level.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a spotlight you aim. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a curtain call bow. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a script cue you hit.
Write me a two-player game of a prop you hand off.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a makeup mirror match.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a costume change timer. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a ticket booth. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a usher seating of a row. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a popcorn bucket fill. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a movie trivia of one decade.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a intermission countdown. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a encore button.
Write me a one-screen game of a orchestra tune note.
Write me a two-player game of a conductor you follow the beat.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a choir you hold the pitch. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a drum roll you time. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a cymbal crash on the last beat.
Write me a one-screen game of a jazz brush pattern. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a bass line of four notes.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a melody you echo. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a round you sing in two parts on one screen.
Write me a game of a record you drop on a platter.
Write me a one-screen game of a tape you rewind.
Write me a two-player game of a cassette you flip to side b.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a radio drama of three sound buttons.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a foley pit you click the right sound. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a audio waveform you find the clap.
Write me a one-screen game of a mute the hiss. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a level match of two tracks.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a pan a sound left and right.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a delay you tap in time.
Write me a game of a reverb you don't drown the voice.
Write me a one-screen game of a equalizer of three bands.
Write me a two-player game of a noise gate toy.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a click track on off.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a count in of four.
Write me a game of a loop you trim to the bar.
Write me a one-screen game of a sample you chop once. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a drum pad bank of four.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a piano roll of one bar. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a chord stamp. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a scale practice highlighter.
Write me a one-screen game of a finger number hint for one scale.
Write me a two-player game of a tuner that says sharp or flat. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a capo position quiz. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a fretboard note quiz. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a ukulele chord of one shape.
Write me a one-screen game of a harmonica hole. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a recorder fingering chart quiz.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a trumpet valve combo.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a drum rudiment of a paradiddle you tap.
Write me a game of a whistle a pitch. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a clap on two and four.
Write me a two-player game of a silence for a rest.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a fermata you hold.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a crescendo slider. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a accent the offbeat. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a swing the eighth notes.
Write me a two-player game of a waltz count of three.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a march count of two.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a bossa nova click.
Write me a game of a samba feet pattern. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a tango step diagram you click through.
Write me a two-player game of a waltz box step. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a line dance of four moves.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a hokey pokey of buttons. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a head shoulders knees and toes clicker. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a freeze dance. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a musical statues. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a red light green light. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a mother may i steps.
Write me a game of a simon says body poses. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a obstacle course of four stations.
Write me a two-player game of a sack race.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a egg and spoon. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a three legged race of one pair.
Write me a game of a wheelbarrow race.
Write me a one-screen game of a tug of war rope.
Write me a two-player game of a parachute raise in a circle of dots.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a duck duck goose of a circle.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a hot potato pass. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a telephone message garble.
Write me a one-screen game of a operator you connect a call.
Write me a two-player game of a switchboard. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a telegraph key. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a pneumatic tube you send.
Write me a game of a mail sort into zip piles. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a letter you fold in thirds.
Write me a two-player game of a paper airplane target. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a paper football goal.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a table hockey.
Write me a game of a penny football. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a finger skateboard.
Write me a two-player game of a marble shooter.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a pinball plunger timing. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a pachinko drop.
Write me a game of a plinko board.
Write me a one-screen game of a coin pusher.
Write me a two-player game of a skee ball.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a ring the bell strength tester.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a high striker. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a love tester meter.
Write me a one-screen game of a fortune teller. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a magic eight ball.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a crystal ball shake.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a tarot one card draw with a plain meaning. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a dice oracle. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a coin oracle.
Write me a two-player game of a paper fortune teller.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a chatterbox.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a cootie catcher. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a mad fold.
Write me a one-screen game of a secret decoder ring.
Write me a two-player game of a invisible ink reveal.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a spy briefcase. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a laser tripwire you crawl under.
Write me a game of a vent you crawl. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a keypad code of four digits you were shown.
Write me a two-player game of a retina scan joke button.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a badge you swipe.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a door that asks a riddle. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a maze of hedges from above.
Write me a one-screen game of a corn maze map.
Write me a two-player game of a haunted house of three rooms.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a pumpkin you carve with clicks. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a costume contest vote.
Write me a game of a candy count.
Write me a one-screen game of a trick or treat street of four doors.
Write me a two-player game of a bonfire you add a log. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a sparkler write a letter.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a new year countdown.
Write me a game of a ball drop.
Write me a one-screen game of a resolution you type.
Write me a two-player game of a birthday candle blow. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a cake slice picker. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a present you unwrap. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a ribbon you tie.
Write me a one-screen game of a card you sign. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a balloon you don't pop until the count. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a pinata swing timing. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a confetti cannon.
Write me a game of a party playlist of five skips. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a photo booth of three poses. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a guest book. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a seating chart of eight.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a name tag writer. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a icebreaker question spinner.
Write me a one-screen game of a two truths mixer. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a bingo of party squares.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a scavenger hunt of five items in a picture. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a treasure map grid. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a x marks the spot dig.
Write me a one-screen game of a bottle in the sand.
Write me a two-player game of a message in a bottle you write.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a island you walk the shore. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a camp on the beach tide timer. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a shell collect. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a sandcastle you defend from a wave. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a tide pool clicker. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a crab race. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a seagull you shoo off the fries. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a ice cream you eat before it melts.
Write me a one-screen game of a sunscreen reminder timer. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a umbrella you open when the cloud arrives. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a puddle jump.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a rainbow you name the colors in order.
Write me a game of a thunder count between flash and boom.
Write me a one-screen game of a lightning distance toy. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a tornado drill positions. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a earthquake drop cover hold quiz. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a hurricane tracking map of one storm.
Write me a game of a snow day checker of a fake forecast. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a igloo you stack blocks.
Write me a two-player game of a snowman of three circles.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a snow angel click.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a sled run with one jump.
Write me a game of a ice fish over a hole. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a hot cocoa you don't let boil.
Write me a two-player game of a mitten match.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a scarf wind. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a boot tray. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a fireplace you light in order. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a stocking you fill.
Write me a two-player game of a advent calendar of four doors.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a wreath you decorate.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a candle you don't leave unattended quiz. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a carol lyric next line. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a nutcracker click through poses.
Write me a two-player game of a ice skate routine of three moves. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a hockey faceoff. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a curling broom sweep.
Write me a game of a bobsled turn.
Write me a one-screen game of a luge lie back.
Write me a two-player game of a ski jump distance. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a biathlon shoot then ski. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a snowshoe path. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a cross country track. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a figure skate spin counter.
Write me a two-player game of a hockey penalty box timer.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a zamboni you drive in a pattern.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a puck you shoot into the five hole.
Write me a game of a goalie glove side.
Write me a one-screen game of a baseball catcher signs. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a pitcher windup timing. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a batter eye.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a bunt down the line. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a stolen base lead.
Write me a one-screen game of a pop fly you call.
Write me a two-player game of a grounder you charge.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a double play turn. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a outfield wall leap. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a peanut toss into a glove.
Write me a one-screen game of a seventh inning stretch timer.
Write me a two-player game of a scoreboard operator.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a organ charge fanfare button.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a wave you start around a circle.
Write me a game of a foam finger. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a ticket stub collector.
Write me a two-player game of a foul ball you duck or catch. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a rain delay tarp.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a ground crew drag the infield.
Write me a game of a chalk the batter box.
Write me a one-screen game of a rosin bag. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a pine tar check.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a bat weight donut.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a on deck circle timer.
Write me a game of a bullpen warm up count. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a manager challenge button.
Write me a two-player game of a replay review of a still frame you call safe or out.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a photo finish of a race.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a starting blocks reaction. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a hurdle you time the jump. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a relay handoff.
Write me a two-player game of a long jump takeoff board.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a high jump arch.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a pole vault plant. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a shot put glide. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a discus spin. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a javelin angle.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a hammer throw spin.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a triple jump hop step jump. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a marathon split calculator. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a water station click.
Write me a two-player game of a finish line tape. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a medal ceremony of three places. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a podium you stand on.
Write me a game of a anthem you stand still for a timer. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a flag raise. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a torch you carry across one screen.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a oath you click the words in order. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a score you verify. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a game of a tape measure of a throw. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a one-screen game of a wind gauge. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a false start recall. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a lane assignment.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a heat sheet.
Write me a game of a qualifying time you beat.
Write me a one-screen game of a personal record flash.
Write me a two-player game of a split negative you notice.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a kick the last hundred.
Write me a kid-friendly game of a wall you hit at mile temptation.
Write me a game of a gel you take on time.
Write me a one-screen game of a shoe you tie a double knot quiz. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a two-player game of a bib you pin.
Write me a timed one-minute game of a chip you start on the mat.
Write me a page that lets you draw and undo.
Write me a single-screen tool that shows a big clock.
Write me a little browser toy that counts down from ten.
Write me a page that rolls a die.
Write me a single-screen tool that flips a coin.
Write me a little browser toy that picks a random name from a list you type.
Write me a page that converts centimeters to inches.
Write me a single-screen tool that adds a tip of fifteen percent.
Write me a little browser toy that splits a restaurant bill. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a page that times a three minute egg. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a single-screen tool that shows a metronome.
Write me a little browser toy that plays a one octave piano.
Write me a page that lets you sketch with the mouse.
Write me a single-screen tool that mixes two colors.
Write me a little browser toy that shows the multiplication table.
Write me a page that quizzes you on five state capitals. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a single-screen tool that reads a sentence aloud with the speech api if present otherwise shows it big.
Write me a little browser toy that lets you check off a grocery list.
Write me a page that sorts three tasks into now next later.
Write me a single-screen tool that shows a breathing circle. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a little browser toy that counts jumping jacks you click.
Write me a page that keeps score for two players.
Write me a single-screen tool that shows a calendar month you can click.
Write me a little browser toy that picks a chore for today.
Write me a page that calculates how many days until a date you type.
Write me a single-screen tool that shows a compass rose.
Write me a little browser toy that lets you pan a tiny map.
Write me a page that matches a hex color to a swatch.
Write me a single-screen tool that lets you crop a rectangle on a photo you draw.
Write me a little browser toy that builds a bar chart from three numbers. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a page that shows a pie of three slices.
Write me a single-screen tool that lets you type a haiku and counts syllables roughly by vowels.
Write me a little browser toy that turns a sentence into a big poster.
Write me a page that makes a pattern of triangles.
Write me a single-screen tool that animates a bouncing ball.
Write me a little browser toy that shows a solar system you can pause.
Write me a page that lets you water a plant. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a single-screen tool that hatches an egg if you keep it warm.
Write me a little browser toy that lets you dress a paper doll. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a page that builds a snowman from three buttons. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a single-screen tool that lets you carve a pumpkin.
Write me a little browser toy that counts candy.
Write me a page that lights a menorah or a generic candle row of four.
Write me a single-screen tool that counts down to midnight.
Write me a little browser toy that lets you write a postcard. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a page that folds a paper airplane diagram you click through.
Write me a single-screen tool that ties a bow in four steps. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a little browser toy that packs a suitcase checklist.
Write me a page that plans a picnic checklist.
Write me a single-screen tool that shows a bus timetable of four stops.
Write me a little browser toy that lets you buy one item from a vending machine.
Write me a page that dials a number on a keypad. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a single-screen tool that sorts mail into three bins.
Write me a little browser toy that files a book by the first letter. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a page that checks out a library book.
Write me a single-screen tool that focuses a microscope slider.
Write me a small one-screen version of Space Wars (1977): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Space Invaders Part II (1979): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Vanguard (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Cosmic Avenger (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Astro Blaster (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Radar Scope (1980): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of King and Balloon (1980): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Stratovox (1980): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Space Firebird (1980): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of UniWar S (1980): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Asteroids Deluxe (1980): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Rip Off (1980): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Space Fury (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Eliminator (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Solar Quest (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Omega Race (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Super Zaxxon (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Gyruss (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Star Wars (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of The Empire Strikes Back (1985): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Return of the Jedi (1984): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Star Trek Strategic Operations Simulator (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Buck Rogers Planet of Zoom (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Tac/Scan (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Zektor (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of SubRoc-3D (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Astron Belt (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Star Rider (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Firefox (1984): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of I Robot (1984): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of TX-1 (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Quantum (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Space Duel (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Liberator (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of 720 Degrees (1986): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of APB (1987): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Cyberball (1988): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Vindicators (1988): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Xybots (1987): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Blasteroids (1987): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Tetris Arcade (1988): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Block Hole (1989): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Plotting (1989): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Puzznic (1989): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Kuri Kinton (1988): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Dynamite Duke (1989): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of NARC (1988): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Arch Rivals (1989): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Galaga 3 (1984): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Galplus (1984): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Baraduke (1985): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Metro-Cross (1985): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Dragon Spirit (1987): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Phelios (1988): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Ordyne (1988): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Genpei Touma Den (1986): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of The Quest of Ki (1988): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Tower of Druaga (1984): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Hopping Mappy (1986): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of New Rally-X (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Libble Rabble (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Phozon (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Galaga 88 (1987): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Rompers (1989): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Blast Off (1989): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Four Trax (1989): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Dirt Fox (1989): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Winning Run (1988): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Final Lap (1987): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Suzuka 8 Hours (1989): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Metal Hawk (1988): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Assault (1988): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Thunder Ceptor (1986): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Super Breakout (1978): move a paddle to bounce a ball and clear every brick. Hard part: move a paddle to bounce a ball and clear every brick. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Arkanoid Revenge of Doh (1987): move a paddle to bounce a ball and clear every brick. Hard part: move a paddle to bounce a ball and clear every brick. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Circus (1977): move a paddle to bounce a ball and clear every brick. Hard part: move a paddle to bounce a ball and clear every brick. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Breakout Deluxe (1978): move a paddle to bounce a ball and clear every brick. Hard part: move a paddle to bounce a ball and clear every brick. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Off the Wall (1989): move a paddle to bounce a ball and clear every brick. Hard part: move a paddle to bounce a ball and clear every brick. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Crackout (1986): move a paddle to bounce a ball and clear every brick. Hard part: move a paddle to bounce a ball and clear every brick. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Gigas (1986): move a paddle to bounce a ball and clear every brick. Hard part: move a paddle to bounce a ball and clear every brick. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Thunder Ball (1986): move a paddle to bounce a ball and clear every brick. Hard part: move a paddle to bounce a ball and clear every brick. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Cameltry (1989): move a paddle to bounce a ball and clear every brick. Hard part: move a paddle to bounce a ball and clear every brick. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Pinball Quest (1989): launch the ball and keep it in play with the flippers. Hard part: launch the ball and keep it in play with the flippers. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Midnight Magic (1982): launch the ball and keep it in play with the flippers. Hard part: launch the ball and keep it in play with the flippers. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Raster Blaster (1981): launch the ball and keep it in play with the flippers. Hard part: launch the ball and keep it in play with the flippers. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Macadam Bumper (1985): launch the ball and keep it in play with the flippers. Hard part: launch the ball and keep it in play with the flippers. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Alien Crush (1988): launch the ball and keep it in play with the flippers. Hard part: launch the ball and keep it in play with the flippers. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Time Scanner (1987): launch the ball and keep it in play with the flippers. Hard part: launch the ball and keep it in play with the flippers. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Pin Bot (1986): launch the ball and keep it in play with the flippers. Hard part: launch the ball and keep it in play with the flippers. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Baby Pac-Man (1982): steer through a maze, grab the dots or flags, and avoid the chasers. Hard part: steer through a maze, grab the dots or flags, and avoid the chasers. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Eyes (1982): steer through a maze, grab the dots or flags, and avoid the chasers. Hard part: steer through a maze, grab the dots or flags, and avoid the chasers. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Crush Roller (1981): steer through a maze, grab the dots or flags, and avoid the chasers. Hard part: steer through a maze, grab the dots or flags, and avoid the chasers. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of The Hand (1981): steer through a maze, grab the dots or flags, and avoid the chasers. Hard part: steer through a maze, grab the dots or flags, and avoid the chasers. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Mr. Do's Wild Ride (1984): steer through a maze, grab the dots or flags, and avoid the chasers. Hard part: steer through a maze, grab the dots or flags, and avoid the chasers. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Anteater (1982): steer through a maze, grab the dots or flags, and avoid the chasers. Hard part: steer through a maze, grab the dots or flags, and avoid the chasers. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Digger (1983): steer through a maze, grab the dots or flags, and avoid the chasers. Hard part: steer through a maze, grab the dots or flags, and avoid the chasers. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Devil World (1984): steer through a maze, grab the dots or flags, and avoid the chasers. Hard part: steer through a maze, grab the dots or flags, and avoid the chasers. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Super Bagman (1984): steer through a maze, grab the dots or flags, and avoid the chasers. Hard part: steer through a maze, grab the dots or flags, and avoid the chasers. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Donkey Kong Jr. Math (1983): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Sammy Lightfoot (1983): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Montezuma's Revenge (1984): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Spelunker (1983): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Jungle King (1982): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Mountain King (1983): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Beneath the Pyramid (1984): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Swashbuckler (1982): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of The New Zealand Story (1988): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Rainbow Islands (1987): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Toki (1989): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Shadow Dancer (1989): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Kage (1985): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Legend of Kage (1985): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Rygar (1986): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Karnov (1987): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Black Tiger (1987): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Makaimura (1985): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Strider Hiryu (1989): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Ninja Gaiden (1988): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Batman (1989): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Super Mario Bros. The Lost Levels (1986): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Mach Rider (1985): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Stack-Up (1985): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Pro Wrestling (1986): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Double Dragon II (1988): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Bad Dudes (1988): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of My Hero (1985): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Wonder Boy III Monster Lair (1988): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Alex Kidd in Miracle World (1986): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Psycho Fox (1989): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Asterix (1988): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Space Harrier II (1988): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of After Burner II (1987): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Enduro Racer (1986): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Power Drift (1988): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Continental Circus (1989): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Galaxy Force (1988): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Thunder Blade (1987): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Altered Beast arcade (1988): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of E-SWAT (1989): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Dynamite Dux (1988): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Crack Down (1989): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Quartet (1986): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Alien Syndrome (1987): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Rescue Raider (1988): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Airheart (1986): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Ys I (1987): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Ys II (1988): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Ys III (1989): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Dragon Quest (1986): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Dragon Quest II (1987): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Dragon Quest III (1988): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Final Fantasy II (1988): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Hydlide (1984): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Dragon Slayer (1984): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Xanadu (1985): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Sorcerian (1987): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Faxanadu (1987): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Battle of Olympus (1988): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Gradius II (1988): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Salamander (1986): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of R-Type II (1989): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Darius (1986): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Darius II (1989): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Truxton (1988): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Hellfire (1989): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Image Fight (1988): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Gemini Wing (1987): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Flying Shark (1987): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Sky Shark (1987): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Twin Cobra (1987): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Tiger-Heli (1985): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Slap Fight (1986): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Exed Exes (1985): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Pirate Ship Higemaru (1984): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of City Connection (1985): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Roc'n Rope (1983): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Time Pilot 84 (1984): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Spartan X (1984): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Vigilante (1988): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Black Belt (1986): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Kung Fu Kid (1987): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Alex Kidd (1986): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Night Driver (1976): steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Hard part: steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Sprint 2 (1976): steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Hard part: steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Sprint 4 (1977): steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Hard part: steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Championship Sprint (1986): steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Hard part: steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Badlands (1989): steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Hard part: steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Revs (1984): steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Hard part: steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Hard Drivin' (1989): steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Hard part: steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Indianapolis 500 (1989): steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Hard part: steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Test Drive II (1989): steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Hard part: steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Vette! (1989): steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Hard part: steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Ferrari Formula One (1989): steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Hard part: steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Rad Racer (1987): steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Hard part: steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of R.C. Pro-Am (1988): steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Hard part: steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Cobra Triangle (1988): steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Hard part: steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Ironman Off Road (1989): steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Hard part: steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Spy Hunter II (1987): steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Hard part: steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Monaco GP (1979): steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Hard part: steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Head On (1979): steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Hard part: steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Crash (1979): steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Hard part: steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Le Mans (1976): steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Hard part: steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Night Racer (1977): steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Hard part: steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Datsun 280 Zzzap (1976): steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Hard part: steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Speed Freak (1979): steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Hard part: steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Tail Gunner (1979): steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Hard part: steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Red Baron (1980): steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Hard part: steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Star Castle (1980): steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Hard part: steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Armor Attack (1980): steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Hard part: steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Warrior (1979): steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Hard part: steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Barrier (1979): steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Hard part: steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Space War (1978): steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Hard part: steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Tail Gunner 2 (1980): steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Hard part: steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Blue Max 2001 (1984): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Red Storm Rising (1988): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Jet (1985): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Flight Simulator (1980): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Flight Simulator II (1983): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Microsoft Flight Simulator 3.0 (1988): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Chuck Yeager's Advanced Flight Trainer (1987): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Harrier (1986): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Starglider (1986): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Starglider 2 (1988): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Carrier Command (1988): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Virus (1987): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Zarch (1987): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Dark Side (1988): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Total Eclipse (1988): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Tau Ceti (1985): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Academy (1986): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Quazatron (1986): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Light Force (1986): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Delta (1987): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Hawkeye (1988): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Great Giana Sisters (1987): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Jet Set Willy II (1985): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Monty Mole (1984): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Nightshade (1985): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Gunfright (1985): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Fairlight (1985): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Fairlight II (1986): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Where Time Stood Still (1988): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Attic Attack (1983): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Starquake (1985): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Arc of Yesod (1987): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Feud (1987): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Druid (1986): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Druid II Enlightenment (1987): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Barbarian (1987): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Barbarian II (1988): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Death Sword (1987): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Way of the Exploding Fist (1985): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of IK+ (1987): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Repton 2 (1985): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Repton 3 (1986): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Spindizzy (1986): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Trailblazer (1986): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Cosmic Causeway (1987): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Track and Field (1983): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Hyper Sports (1984): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Daley Thompson's Decathlon (1984): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Hypersports (1984): fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Hard part: fly a plane over the ground, shoot targets, and dodge return fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Double Dragon II The Revenge (1988): walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Hard part: walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Nekketsu Kouha Kunio-kun (1986): walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Hard part: walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Bad Dudes vs. DragonNinja (1988): walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Hard part: walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Street Fighter (1987): walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Hard part: walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Violence Fight (1989): walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Hard part: walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Dynasty Wars (1989): walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Hard part: walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Willow (1989): walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Hard part: walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Crime Fighters (1989): walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Hard part: walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of P.O.W. Prisoners of War (1988): walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Hard part: walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Guerrilla War (1987): walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Hard part: walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Victory Road (1986): walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Hard part: walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Heavy Barrel (1987): walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Hard part: walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Top Gunner (1986): walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Hard part: walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Legendary Wings (1986): walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Hard part: walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Senjou no Ookami (1985): walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Hard part: walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Green Beret (1985): walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Hard part: walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of M.I.A. (1989): walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Hard part: walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Cabal (1988): walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Hard part: walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Operation Thunderbolt (1988): walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Hard part: walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Line of Fire (1989): walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Hard part: walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Beast Busters (1989): walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Hard part: walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Mechanized Attack (1988): walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Hard part: walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Laser Ghost (1989): walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Hard part: walk right, punch and kick the attackers, and clear the screen. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Karate Champ Player vs Player (1984): two fighters face off and the first to land the hits wins the round. Hard part: two fighters face off and the first to land the hits wins the round. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of World Karate Championship (1986): two fighters face off and the first to land the hits wins the round. Hard part: two fighters face off and the first to land the hits wins the round. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Budokan (1989): two fighters face off and the first to land the hits wins the round. Hard part: two fighters face off and the first to land the hits wins the round. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Champion Pro Wrestling (1985): two fighters face off and the first to land the hits wins the round. Hard part: two fighters face off and the first to land the hits wins the round. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Tag Team Wrestling (1984): two fighters face off and the first to land the hits wins the round. Hard part: two fighters face off and the first to land the hits wins the round. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Mat Mania (1985): two fighters face off and the first to land the hits wins the round. Hard part: two fighters face off and the first to land the hits wins the round. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Big Pro Wrestling (1983): two fighters face off and the first to land the hits wins the round. Hard part: two fighters face off and the first to land the hits wins the round. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Ring King (1985): two fighters face off and the first to land the hits wins the round. Hard part: two fighters face off and the first to land the hits wins the round. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Boxing (1980): two fighters face off and the first to land the hits wins the round. Hard part: two fighters face off and the first to land the hits wins the round. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Sword of Sodan (1989): two fighters face off and the first to land the hits wins the round. Hard part: two fighters face off and the first to land the hits wins the round. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Tank Battalion (1980): drive a tank, shoot the other tanks, and use the walls as cover. Hard part: drive a tank, shoot the other tanks, and use the walls as cover. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Tanks a Lot (1983): drive a tank, shoot the other tanks, and use the walls as cover. Hard part: drive a tank, shoot the other tanks, and use the walls as cover. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Robot Tank (1983): drive a tank, shoot the other tanks, and use the walls as cover. Hard part: drive a tank, shoot the other tanks, and use the walls as cover. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Arcticfox (1986): drive a tank, shoot the other tanks, and use the walls as cover. Hard part: drive a tank, shoot the other tanks, and use the walls as cover. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of The Eidolon (1985): drive a tank, shoot the other tanks, and use the walls as cover. Hard part: drive a tank, shoot the other tanks, and use the walls as cover. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Encounter (1983): drive a tank, shoot the other tanks, and use the walls as cover. Hard part: drive a tank, shoot the other tanks, and use the walls as cover. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of 3D Tanx (1982): drive a tank, shoot the other tanks, and use the walls as cover. Hard part: drive a tank, shoot the other tanks, and use the walls as cover. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Battle City (1985): drive a tank, shoot the other tanks, and use the walls as cover. Hard part: drive a tank, shoot the other tanks, and use the walls as cover. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Baseball (1983): swing the bat and run the bases before the fielder returns the ball. Hard part: swing the bat and run the bases before the fielder returns the ball. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Vs. Baseball (1984): swing the bat and run the bases before the fielder returns the ball. Hard part: swing the bat and run the bases before the fielder returns the ball. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Earl Weaver Baseball (1987): swing the bat and run the bases before the fielder returns the ball. Hard part: swing the bat and run the bases before the fielder returns the ball. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of MicroLeague Baseball (1984): swing the bat and run the bases before the fielder returns the ball. Hard part: swing the bat and run the bases before the fielder returns the ball. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of R.B.I. Baseball (1987): swing the bat and run the bases before the fielder returns the ball. Hard part: swing the bat and run the bases before the fielder returns the ball. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Bad News Baseball (1989): swing the bat and run the bases before the fielder returns the ball. Hard part: swing the bat and run the bases before the fielder returns the ball. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Little League Baseball (1984): swing the bat and run the bases before the fielder returns the ball. Hard part: swing the bat and run the bases before the fielder returns the ball. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Intellivision Baseball (1980): swing the bat and run the bases before the fielder returns the ball. Hard part: swing the bat and run the bases before the fielder returns the ball. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Super Challenge Baseball (1982): swing the bat and run the bases before the fielder returns the ball. Hard part: swing the bat and run the bases before the fielder returns the ball. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Tony La Russa Baseball (1988): swing the bat and run the bases before the fielder returns the ball. Hard part: swing the bat and run the bases before the fielder returns the ball. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Championship Baseball (1986): swing the bat and run the bases before the fielder returns the ball. Hard part: swing the bat and run the bases before the fielder returns the ball. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Basketball (1979): dribble, shoot the ball through the hoop, and stop the other side. Hard part: dribble, shoot the ball through the hoop, and stop the other side. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Double Dribble (1986): dribble, shoot the ball through the hoop, and stop the other side. Hard part: dribble, shoot the ball through the hoop, and stop the other side. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Magic Johnson's Fast Break (1988): dribble, shoot the ball through the hoop, and stop the other side. Hard part: dribble, shoot the ball through the hoop, and stop the other side. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Jordan vs Bird (1988): dribble, shoot the ball through the hoop, and stop the other side. Hard part: dribble, shoot the ball through the hoop, and stop the other side. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of GBA Championship Basketball (1986): dribble, shoot the ball through the hoop, and stop the other side. Hard part: dribble, shoot the ball through the hoop, and stop the other side. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Intellivision NBA Basketball (1980): dribble, shoot the ball through the hoop, and stop the other side. Hard part: dribble, shoot the ball through the hoop, and stop the other side. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Street Sports Basketball (1987): dribble, shoot the ball through the hoop, and stop the other side. Hard part: dribble, shoot the ball through the hoop, and stop the other side. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Fast Break (1978): dribble, shoot the ball through the hoop, and stop the other side. Hard part: dribble, shoot the ball through the hoop, and stop the other side. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Basketbrawl (1989): dribble, shoot the ball through the hoop, and stop the other side. Hard part: dribble, shoot the ball through the hoop, and stop the other side. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Soccer (1985): dribble the ball and kick it into the goal. Hard part: dribble the ball and kick it into the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Pele's Soccer (1981): dribble the ball and kick it into the goal. Hard part: dribble the ball and kick it into the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Tehkan World Cup (1985): dribble the ball and kick it into the goal. Hard part: dribble the ball and kick it into the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Emlyn Hughes International Soccer (1988): dribble the ball and kick it into the goal. Hard part: dribble the ball and kick it into the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of World Cup Soccer (1985): dribble the ball and kick it into the goal. Hard part: dribble the ball and kick it into the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Goal! (1988): dribble the ball and kick it into the goal. Hard part: dribble the ball and kick it into the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Match Day (1984): dribble the ball and kick it into the goal. Hard part: dribble the ball and kick it into the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Match Day II (1987): dribble the ball and kick it into the goal. Hard part: dribble the ball and kick it into the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Gary Lineker's Superstar Soccer (1987): dribble the ball and kick it into the goal. Hard part: dribble the ball and kick it into the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Slap Shot (1984): slide the puck past the goalie. Hard part: slide the puck past the goalie. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Hat Trick (1984): slide the puck past the goalie. Hard part: slide the puck past the goalie. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Superstar Ice Hockey (1987): slide the puck past the goalie. Hard part: slide the puck past the goalie. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Wayne Gretzky Hockey (1988): slide the puck past the goalie. Hard part: slide the puck past the goalie. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Intellivision Hockey (1979): slide the puck past the goalie. Hard part: slide the puck past the goalie. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Face Off (1987): slide the puck past the goalie. Hard part: slide the puck past the goalie. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Power Play Hockey (1987): slide the puck past the goalie. Hard part: slide the puck past the goalie. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Tennis (1984): hit the ball past the other player so it bounces twice. Hard part: hit the ball past the other player so it bounces twice. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Super Tennis (1984): hit the ball past the other player so it bounces twice. Hard part: hit the ball past the other player so it bounces twice. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Vs. Tennis (1984): hit the ball past the other player so it bounces twice. Hard part: hit the ball past the other player so it bounces twice. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Pro Tennis (1985): hit the ball past the other player so it bounces twice. Hard part: hit the ball past the other player so it bounces twice. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Passing Shot (1988): hit the ball past the other player so it bounces twice. Hard part: hit the ball past the other player so it bounces twice. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Tennis Cup (1989): hit the ball past the other player so it bounces twice. Hard part: hit the ball past the other player so it bounces twice. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Center Court Tennis (1984): hit the ball past the other player so it bounces twice. Hard part: hit the ball past the other player so it bounces twice. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Match Point (1984): hit the ball past the other player so it bounces twice. Hard part: hit the ball past the other player so it bounces twice. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Great Courts (1989): hit the ball past the other player so it bounces twice. Hard part: hit the ball past the other player so it bounces twice. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Jimmy Connors Tennis (1985): hit the ball past the other player so it bounces twice. Hard part: hit the ball past the other player so it bounces twice. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Akalabeth (1979): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Ultima I (1981): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Ultima II (1982): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Ultima III (1983): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Ultima IV (1985): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Ultima V (1988): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Wizardry (1981): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Wizardry II (1982): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Wizardry III (1983): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Wizardry IV (1987): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of The Bard's Tale II (1986): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of The Bard's Tale III (1988): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Might and Magic (1986): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Might and Magic II (1988): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Phantasie III (1987): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Questron II (1988): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of The Magic Candle (1989): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Pool of Radiance (1988): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Chaos Strikes Back (1989): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Bloodwych (1989): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Dragon Wars (1989): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Deathlord (1987): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of 2400 A.D. (1987): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Sentinel Worlds (1988): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Space Rogue (1989): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Battletech The Crescent Hawks' Inception (1988): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of MechWarrior (1989): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Hack (1982): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Moria (1983): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Larn (1986): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Omega (1988): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Gateway to Apshai (1983): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Sword of Fargoal (1982): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Beneath Apple Manor (1978): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Oubliette (1977): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Avatar PLATO (1979): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Zork I (1980): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of The Witness (1983): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Nord and Bert (1987): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Shogun (1988): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of King's Quest I (1984): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of King's Quest II (1985): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of King's Quest III (1986): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of King's Quest IV (1988): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Space Quest I (1986): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Space Quest II (1987): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Space Quest III (1989): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Police Quest (1987): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Police Quest II (1988): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Leisure Suit Larry (1987): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Leisure Suit Larry 2 (1988): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Leisure Suit Larry 3 (1989): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Manhunter New York (1988): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Manhunter San Francisco (1989): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Gold Rush! (1988): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Codename Iceman (1989): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Quest for Glory (1989): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Zak McKracken (1988): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Labyrinth (1986): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of The NeverEnding Story (1985): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Sherlock (1984): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of The Pawn (1985): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of The Guild of Thieves (1987): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Jinxter (1987): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Corruption (1988): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Fish! (1988): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Myth (1989): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Scott Adams Pirate Adventure (1978): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Mission Impossible (1979): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Boulder Dash (1984): slide or swap the pieces until they match the pattern. Hard part: slide or swap the pieces until they match the pattern. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Chip's Challenge (1989): slide or swap the pieces until they match the pattern. Hard part: slide or swap the pieces until they match the pattern. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Pipe Dream (1989): slide or swap the pieces until they match the pattern. Hard part: slide or swap the pieces until they match the pattern. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Mahjong (1983): slide or swap the pieces until they match the pattern. Hard part: slide or swap the pieces until they match the pattern. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Ishido (1989): slide or swap the pieces until they match the pattern. Hard part: slide or swap the pieces until they match the pattern. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Flipull (1989): slide or swap the pieces until they match the pattern. Hard part: slide or swap the pieces until they match the pattern. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Solomon's Key (1986): slide or swap the pieces until they match the pattern. Hard part: slide or swap the pieces until they match the pattern. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Kickle Cubicle (1988): slide or swap the pieces until they match the pattern. Hard part: slide or swap the pieces until they match the pattern. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Qix II (1982): slide or swap the pieces until they match the pattern. Hard part: slide or swap the pieces until they match the pattern. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Pepper II (1982): slide or swap the pieces until they match the pattern. Hard part: slide or swap the pieces until they match the pattern. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Block Out (1989): slide or swap the pieces until they match the pattern. Hard part: slide or swap the pieces until they match the pattern. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Astrosmash (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Space Armada (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Space Battle (1979): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Star Strike (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Buzz Bombers (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Beamrider (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Nova Blast (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Buck Rogers (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Defence Command (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Attack of the Timelord (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Missile Command 2600 (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Atlantis (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Cosmic Ark (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Megamania (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Spider Fighter (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Threshold (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Star Raiders II (1986): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Zone Ranger (1984): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Axis Assassin (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Seven Cities of Gold (1984): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Skyfox II (1987): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Sid Meier's Pirates (1987): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of F-19 Stealth Fighter (1988): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of F-15 Strike Eagle II (1989): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Their Finest Hour (1989): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Battlehawks 1942 (1988): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of 688 Attack Sub (1989): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Harpoon (1989): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Sword of Aragon (1989): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of War of the Lance (1989): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Heroes of the Lance (1988): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Dragons of Flame (1989): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Pac-Man 2600 (1982): move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Hard part: move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Ms. Pac-Man 2600 (1982): move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Hard part: move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Snack Attack (1981): move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Hard part: move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Taxman (1981): move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Hard part: move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Gobbler (1981): move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Hard part: move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Snapper (1982): move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Hard part: move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Munch Man (1982): move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Hard part: move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of K.C. Munchkin (1981): move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Hard part: move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of K.C.'s Krazy Chase (1982): move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Hard part: move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Dottie (1982): move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Hard part: move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Alien (1982): move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Hard part: move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Looney Tunes (1981): move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Hard part: move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Frogs and Flies (1982): move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Hard part: move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Snafu (1981): move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Hard part: move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Night Stalker (1982): move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Hard part: move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Advanced Dungeons and Dragons Cloudy Mountain (1982): move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Hard part: move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Treasure of Tarmin (1983): move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Hard part: move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Thin Ice (1983): move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Hard part: move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of TRON Deadly Discs (1982): move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Hard part: move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of TRON Maze-A-Tron (1982): move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Hard part: move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of TRON Solar Sailer (1982): move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Hard part: move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Vectron (1982): move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Hard part: move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Cosmic Chasm (1982): move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Hard part: move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of MineStorm (1982): move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Hard part: move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Starhawk (1979): move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Hard part: move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Warrior Vectrex (1982): move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Hard part: move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Robot War (1981): move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Hard part: move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Robot Odyssey (1984): move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Hard part: move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Rocky's Boots (1982): move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Hard part: move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Operation Frog (1984): move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Hard part: move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Gertrude's Secrets (1982): move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Hard part: move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Gertrude's Puzzles (1982): move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Hard part: move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Moptown (1981): move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Hard part: move the piece, eat the dots or flags, and do not touch the enemy. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Pitfall II (1984): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Frostbite (1983): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Pressure Cooker (1983): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Private Eye (1983): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Chopper Command (1982): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Seaquest (1983): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Dolphin (1983): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of River Raid II (1988): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Stampede (1981): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Freeway (1981): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Fishing Derby (1981): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Grand Prix (1982): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Activision Tennis (1981): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Ice Hockey Activision (1981): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Skiing (1980): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Laser Blast (1981): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Dragster (1980): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Bridge (1980): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Othello (1980): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of 3D Tic-Tac-Toe (1980): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Video Chess (1979): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Video Pinball (1980): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Haunted House (1982): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial (1982): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Raiders of the Lost Ark (1982): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Swordquest Earthworld (1982): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Swordquest Fireworld (1983): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Swordquest Waterworld (1983): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Solaris (1986): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Jr. Pac-Man 2600 (1984): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Joust 2600 (1983): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Defender 2600 (1982): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Robotron 2600 (1983): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Warlords arcade (1980): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Circus Atari (1980): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Canyon Bomber (1979): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Destroyer (1977): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Air-Sea Battle (1977): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Star Ship (1977): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Street Racer (1977): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Surround (1977): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Slot Racers (1978): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Flag Capture (1978): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Hunt and Score (1978): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Codebreaker (1978): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Brain Games (1978): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Basic Math (1977): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Casino (1978): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Human Cannonball (1978): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Maze Craze (1978): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Outlaw (1978): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Skydiver (1978): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Slot Machine (1979): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Superman (1979): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Dodge 'Em (1980): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Championship Soccer (1980): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Pelé's Soccer (1981): jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Hard part: jump between platforms, climb ladders, and reach the exit. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Carnival (1980): fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Hard part: fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Carnival 2600 (1982): fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Hard part: fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Shooting Gallery (1980): fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Hard part: fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Sneak 'n Peek (1982): fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Hard part: fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Crossbow (1983): fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Hard part: fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Cheyenne (1984): fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Hard part: fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Chiller (1986): fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Hard part: fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Gumshoe (1986): fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Hard part: fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of To the Earth (1989): fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Hard part: fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Freedom Force (1988): fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Hard part: fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Versus (1984): fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Hard part: fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Bank Panic (1984): fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Hard part: fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Defender II (1981): fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Hard part: fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Blaster (1983): fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Hard part: fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Bubbles (1982): fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Hard part: fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Inferno (1984): fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Hard part: fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Turkey Shoot (1984): fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Hard part: fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Journey arcade (1983): fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Hard part: fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of M.A.C.H. 3 (1983): fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Hard part: fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Us vs Them (1984): fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Hard part: fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Cube Quest (1983): fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Hard part: fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Space Ace (1984): fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Hard part: fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Super Don Quix-ote (1984): fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Hard part: fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Cobra Command (1984): fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Hard part: fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Badlands laser (1984): fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Hard part: fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Thayer's Quest (1984): fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Hard part: fire at the targets that cross the screen before they reach you. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Adventure Apple (1979): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Eamon (1980): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Eamon The Beginners Cave (1980): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Wizard and the Princess (1980): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Mission Asteroid (1980): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Time Zone (1982): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Cranston Manor (1981): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Ulysses and the Golden Fleece (1981): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of The Dark Crystal (1983): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Mixed-Up Mother Goose (1987): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Manhunter (1988): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Colonel’s Bequest (1989): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Hero's Quest (1989): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Conquests of Camelot (1989): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of The Black Cauldron (1986): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Tass Times in Tonetown (1986): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Borrowed Time (1985): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Déjà Vu (1985): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Deja Vu II (1988): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of The Uninvited (1986): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Portopia Renzoku Satsujin Jiken (1983): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of The Portopia Serial Murder Case (1983): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Princess Tomato in the Salad Kingdom (1984): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Relics (1986): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Murder Club (1988): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of J.B. Harold (1986): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Planet Mephius (1983): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of The Witness Infocom (1983): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Arthur (1989): type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Hard part: type commands to pick up an object, unlock a door, and reach the goal. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Akalabeth World of Doom (1979): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Wizardry Proving Grounds (1981): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Wizardry Knight of Diamonds (1982): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Wizardry Legacy of Llylgamyn (1983): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Bard's Tale Tales of the Unknown (1985): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of The Destiny Knight (1986): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of The Thief of Fate (1988): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Might and Magic Book One (1986): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Might and Magic II Gates to Another World (1988): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Phantasie III The Wrath of Nikademus (1987): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Ys (1987): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of The Black Onyx (1984): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Romancia (1986): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Deadly Towers (1986): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Miracle Warriors (1986): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Golvellius (1988): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Ys III Wanderers from Ys (1989): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Sweet Home (1989): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Destiny of an Emperor (1989): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Bandit Kings of Ancient China (1989): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Genghis Khan (1987): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Nobunaga's Ambition (1986): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Romance of the Three Kingdoms (1985): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Romance of the Three Kingdoms II (1989): walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Hard part: walk a party on a small map, fight one monster, and return to town. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Grobda (1984): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Valkyrie no Densetsu (1989): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Legend of Valkyrie (1989): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Genpei Toumaden (1986): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Wonder Momo (1987): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Yokai Dochuki (1987): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Youkai Douchuuki (1987): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Pistol Daimyo no Bouken (1989): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Splatterhouse (1988): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Splatterhouse Wanpaku Graffiti (1989): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Bravoman (1988): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of The Genji and the Heike Clans (1986): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Shadow Land (1987): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Dragon Ninja (1988): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of RoboCop arcade (1988): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of RoboCop NES (1988): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Predator (1987): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Rambo (1985): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Rambo III (1988): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Missing in Action (1989): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of P.O.W. (1988): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Guerilla War (1987): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Ikari III (1989): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Higemaru (1984): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of 1943 The Battle of Midway (1987): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of 1943 Kai (1988): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Gun.Smoke (1985): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Tiger Road (1987): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Willow arcade (1989): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Forgotten Worlds (1988): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of LED Storm (1988): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Last Duel (1988): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Mad Gear (1989): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of U.N. Squadron (1989): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Area 88 (1989): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Mine Storm (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Mine Storm II (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Star Castle Vectrex (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Rip Off Vectrex (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Solar Quest Vectrex (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Space Wars Vectrex (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Armor Attack Vectrex (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Berzerk Vectrex (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Scramble Vectrex (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Hyperchase (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Starhawk Vectrex (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Fortress of Narzod (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Polar Rescue (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Pole Position Vectrex (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Clean Sweep (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Bedlam (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Blitz! (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Space Hawk (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Space Spartans (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Star Strike Intellivision (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Lock 'n' Chase Intellivision (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Beauty and the Beast Intellivision (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Mouse Trap Intellivision (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Frog Bog (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Diner (1987): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Burgertime Intellivision (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Popeye Intellivision (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Donkey Kong Intellivision (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Donkey Kong Jr Intellivision (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Pac-Man Intellivision (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Dig Dug Intellivision (1987): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Armor Battle (1979): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Auto Racing (1980): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Major League Baseball (1980): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of NFL Football (1980): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of NBA Basketball (1980): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of PBA Bowling (1980): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of PGA Golf (1980): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Tennis Intellivision (1980): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Boxing Intellivision (1980): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Horse Racing (1980): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Las Vegas Poker and Blackjack (1979): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of ABPA Backgammon (1979): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Checkers Intellivision (1979): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of USCF Chess (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Triple Action (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Sea Battle (1980): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Sub Hunt (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Utopia (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of B-17 Bomber (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Bomb Squad (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Advanced Dungeons and Dragons (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Tower of Doom (1987): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Cloudy Mountain (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Shark Shark (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Sewer Sam (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of White Water (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Tropical Trouble (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Zaxxon Coleco (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Donkey Kong Coleco (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Donkey Kong Jr Coleco (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Popeye Coleco (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Lady Bug Coleco (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Mouse Trap Coleco (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Smurf Rescue (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Smurf Play and Learn (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Carnival Coleco (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Cosmic Avenger Coleco (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Gorf Coleco (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Wizard of Wor Coleco (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Space Fury Coleco (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Space Panic Coleco (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Miner 2049er Coleco (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Jumpman Junior Coleco (1984): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Pitfall Coleco (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of River Raid Coleco (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Frenzy Coleco (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Qbert Coleco (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Frogger Coleco (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Pepper II Coleco (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Looping Coleco (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Slither Coleco (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Mr Do Coleco (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Time Pilot Coleco (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Antarctic Adventure (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Konami's Ping Pong (1985): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Yie Ar Kung-Fu MSX (1985): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Knightmare (1986): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of The Maze of Galious (1987): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Vampire Killer (1986): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Kings Valley (1985): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of King's Valley II (1988): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Penguin Adventure (1986): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Metal Gear MSX (1987): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Snatcher MSX (1988): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Ganbare Goemon (1986): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Castlevania MSX (1986): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Gradius MSX (1986): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Salamander MSX (1987): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Parodius (1988): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of F1 Spirit (1987): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Konami GT (1985): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Road Fighter (1984): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Hyper Sports MSX (1984): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Track and Field MSX (1984): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Athletic Land (1984): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Monkey Academy (1984): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Magical Tree (1984): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Comic Bakery (1984): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Pippols (1985): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Knightmare II (1987): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Knightmare III (1987): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Usas (1987): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Hinotori (1987): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Aleste (1988): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Aleste 2 (1989): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Zanac (1986): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Guardic (1986): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Formation Z (1984): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Exa (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Alpha (1986): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Relics Dark Force (1986): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Dragon Slayer MSX (1985): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Xanadu MSX (1987): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Romancia MSX (1986): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Ys MSX (1987): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Ys II MSX (1988): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Hydlide MSX (1984): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Hydlide II (1985): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Hydlide 3 (1987): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of The Black Onyx MSX (1985): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Mirrors (1985): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Eggerland Mystery (1985): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Eggerland 2 (1986): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of King's Valley (1985): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Castle Excellent (1986): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of The Castle (1986): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Sokoban Thinking Rabbit (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Boxxle (1989): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of The Incredible Laboratory (1984): type a short answer or move one piece to solve the next puzzle. Hard part: type a short answer or move one piece to solve the next puzzle. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Snooper Troops (1982): type a short answer or move one piece to solve the next puzzle. Hard part: type a short answer or move one piece to solve the next puzzle. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Snooper Troops Case 2 (1982): type a short answer or move one piece to solve the next puzzle. Hard part: type a short answer or move one piece to solve the next puzzle. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of In Search of the Most Amazing Thing (1983): type a short answer or move one piece to solve the next puzzle. Hard part: type a short answer or move one piece to solve the next puzzle. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Bannercatch (1984): type a short answer or move one piece to solve the next puzzle. Hard part: type a short answer or move one piece to solve the next puzzle. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Spellicopter (1983): type a short answer or move one piece to solve the next puzzle. Hard part: type a short answer or move one piece to solve the next puzzle. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Number Munchers (1986): type a short answer or move one piece to solve the next puzzle. Hard part: type a short answer or move one piece to solve the next puzzle. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Word Munchers (1985): type a short answer or move one piece to solve the next puzzle. Hard part: type a short answer or move one piece to solve the next puzzle. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Fraction Munchers (1987): type a short answer or move one piece to solve the next puzzle. Hard part: type a short answer or move one piece to solve the next puzzle. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Oregon Trail (1985): type a short answer or move one piece to solve the next puzzle. Hard part: type a short answer or move one piece to solve the next puzzle. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Odell Lake (1986): type a short answer or move one piece to solve the next puzzle. Hard part: type a short answer or move one piece to solve the next puzzle. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Where in the USA Is Carmen Sandiego (1986): type a short answer or move one piece to solve the next puzzle. Hard part: type a short answer or move one piece to solve the next puzzle. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Where in Europe Is Carmen Sandiego (1988): type a short answer or move one piece to solve the next puzzle. Hard part: type a short answer or move one piece to solve the next puzzle. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Where in Time Is Carmen Sandiego (1989): type a short answer or move one piece to solve the next puzzle. Hard part: type a short answer or move one piece to solve the next puzzle. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade adventure (1989): type a short answer or move one piece to solve the next puzzle. Hard part: type a short answer or move one piece to solve the next puzzle. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Turbo arcade (1981): steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Hard part: steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Indianapolis 500 The Simulation (1989): steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Hard part: steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of The Duel Test Drive II (1989): steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Hard part: steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Crash arcade (1979): steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Hard part: steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Ivan Ironman Stewart's Super Off Road (1989): steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Hard part: steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Chase HQ (1988): steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Hard part: steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Turbo Out Run (1989): steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Hard part: steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Galaxy Force II (1988): steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Hard part: steer a car along the road, pass traffic, and stay on the track. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Hustle (1977): grow the snake or steer the worm without hitting a wall or yourself. Hard part: grow the snake or steer the worm without hitting a wall or yourself. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Worm War I (1982): grow the snake or steer the worm without hitting a wall or yourself. Hard part: grow the snake or steer the worm without hitting a wall or yourself. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Nibbler (1982): grow the snake or steer the worm without hitting a wall or yourself. Hard part: grow the snake or steer the worm without hitting a wall or yourself. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Boa (1982): grow the snake or steer the worm without hitting a wall or yourself. Hard part: grow the snake or steer the worm without hitting a wall or yourself. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Worm Whomper (1983): grow the snake or steer the worm without hitting a wall or yourself. Hard part: grow the snake or steer the worm without hitting a wall or yourself. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Slither (1982): grow the snake or steer the worm without hitting a wall or yourself. Hard part: grow the snake or steer the worm without hitting a wall or yourself. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Tetris Spectrum (1988): drop the pieces so they form lines, or stack them without overflowing. Hard part: drop the pieces so they form lines, or stack them without overflowing. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Tetris NES (1989): drop the pieces so they form lines, or stack them without overflowing. Hard part: drop the pieces so they form lines, or stack them without overflowing. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Blockout (1989): drop the pieces so they form lines, or stack them without overflowing. Hard part: drop the pieces so they form lines, or stack them without overflowing. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Pipe Mania (1989): drop the pieces so they form lines, or stack them without overflowing. Hard part: drop the pieces so they form lines, or stack them without overflowing. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Mah-Jongg (1981): drop the pieces so they form lines, or stack them without overflowing. Hard part: drop the pieces so they form lines, or stack them without overflowing. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Activision Mah Jong (1983): drop the pieces so they form lines, or stack them without overflowing. Hard part: drop the pieces so they form lines, or stack them without overflowing. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of K.C. Krazy Chase (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of UFO (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Alien Invaders Plus (1980): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Armored Encounter (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Invaders from Hyperspace (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Demon Attack Odyssey (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Kill the Attacking Aliens (1980): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Cosmic Conflict (1978): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Space Monster (1979): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Showdown in 2100 AD (1979): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Alien Invaders (1980): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Freedom Fighters (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Killer Bees (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Turtles (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Pick Axe Pete (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Smithereens (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of P.T. Barnum's Acrobats (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Thunderball (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Blockout Odyssey (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Keyboard Creations (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of I've Got Your Number (1980): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Math-A-Magic (1980): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Speedway (1978): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Spin-Out (1978): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Crypto-Logic (1978): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Las Vegas Blackjack (1978): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Bowling Odyssey (1978): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Football Odyssey (1978): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Baseball Odyssey (1978): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Basketball Odyssey (1978): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Hockey Odyssey (1978): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Computer Golf (1978): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Alpine Skiing (1979): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Electronic Table Soccer (1980): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Volleyball Odyssey (1980): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Pocket Billiards (1980): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Dynasty (1979): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Quest for the Rings (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of The Great Wall Street Fortune Hunt (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Conquest of the World (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Power Lords (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Video Whizball (1978): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Dodge It (1978): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Desert Fox (1978): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Spitfire (1978): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Maneater (1978): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Shooting Gallery Channel F (1977): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Magic Numbers (1977): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Drag Strip (1977): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Baseball Channel F (1977): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Blackjack Channel F (1977): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Bowling Channel F (1978): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Casino Poker (1979): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Checkers Channel F (1978): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Backgammon Channel F (1977): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Maze Channel F (1977): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Tic-Tac-Toe Channel F (1976): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Space War Channel F (1977): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Alien Invasion Channel F (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Galactic Space Wars (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Pinball Challenge (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Pro Football Channel F (1978): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Soccer Channel F (1979): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Hangman Channel F (1978): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Memory Match (1978): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Sonar Search (1979): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Torpedo Alley (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Bally Astrocade Checkmate (1978): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Astrocade Galaxian (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Astrocade The Incredible Wizard (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Astrocade Wizard of Wor (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Astrocade Gorf (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Astrocade Space Fortress (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Astrocade Solar Conqueror (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Astrocade Cosmic Raiders (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Astrocade Muncher (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Astrocade Artillery Duel (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Astrocade Conan (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Astrocade Soccer (1978): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Studio II Space War (1977): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of TV Arcade Speedway (1977): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of TV Arcade Tennis (1977): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of TV Arcade Gunfighter (1977): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of TV Arcade Bingo (1977): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of TV Arcade School House (1977): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of TV Arcade Patterns (1977): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of TV Arcade Fun with Numbers (1977): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Microvision Block Buster (1979): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Microvision Bowling (1979): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Microvision Connect Four (1979): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Microvision Pinball (1979): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Microvision Star Trek Phaser Strike (1979): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Microvision Mind Buster (1979): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Microvision Vegas Slots (1979): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Microvision Baseball (1980): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Microvision Alien Raiders (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Microvision Sea Duel (1980): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Game and Watch Ball (1980): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Game and Watch Flagman (1980): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Game and Watch Vermin (1980): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Game and Watch Fire (1980): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Game and Watch Judge (1980): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Game and Watch Manhole (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Game and Watch Helmet (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Game and Watch Lion (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Game and Watch Parachute (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Game and Watch Octopus (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Game and Watch Popeye (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Game and Watch Chef (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Game and Watch Mickey Mouse (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Game and Watch Egg (1981): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Game and Watch Turtle Bridge (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Game and Watch Fire Attack (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Game and Watch Oil Panic (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Game and Watch Donkey Kong (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Game and Watch Donkey Kong Jr (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Game and Watch Greenhouse (1982): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Game and Watch Mario Bros (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Game and Watch Donkey Kong II (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Game and Watch Rain Shower (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Game and Watch Lifeboat (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Game and Watch Pinball (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Game and Watch Zelda (1989): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Game and Watch Mario's Cement Factory (1983): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Game and Watch Boxing (1984): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Game and Watch Donkey Kong 3 (1984): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Game and Watch Donkey Kong Circus (1984): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Game and Watch Bombsweeper (1987): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Game and Watch Safe Buster (1988): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Game and Watch Gold Cliff (1988): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Game and Watch Black Jack (1985): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Game and Watch Squish (1986): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Game and Watch Tropical Fish (1985): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Game and Watch Super Mario Bros (1986): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Game and Watch Climber (1986): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Game and Watch Balloon Fight (1986): your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Hard part: your ship at the bottom shoots waves of aliens and dodges their fire. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Star Fire (1979): one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Hard part: one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Lunar Rescue (1979): one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Hard part: one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Boot Hill (1977): one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Hard part: one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Sea Wolf (1976): one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Hard part: one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Sea Wolf II (1978): one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Hard part: one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Depthcharge (1977): one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Hard part: one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Fire Truck (1978): one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Hard part: one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of Sprint 8 (1977): one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Hard part: one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Drag Race (1977): one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Hard part: one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Super Bug (1977): one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Hard part: one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a small one-screen version of Avalanche (1978): one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Hard part: one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I'd like a small one-screen version of Sky Raider (1978): one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Hard part: one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Show me a small one-screen version of Subs (1976): one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Hard part: one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Put together a small one-screen version of Sky Diver (1978): one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Hard part: one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small one-screen version of Starship 1 (1977): one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Hard part: one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a small one-screen version of Space Invaders Deluxe (1979): one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Hard part: one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a small one-screen version of Galaxian Part X (1980): one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Hard part: one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a small one-screen version of Pleiades (1981): one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Hard part: one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small one-screen version of Juno First (1983): one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Hard part: one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a small one-screen version of Star Wars arcade (1983): one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Hard part: one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a small one-screen version of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles arcade (1989): one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Hard part: one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a small one-screen version of Side Arms Hyper Dyne (1986): one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Hard part: one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a small one-screen version of The NewZealand Story (1988): one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Hard part: one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build me a small one-screen version of Ys Book I and II (1989): one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Hard part: one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please make a small one-screen version of Batman NES (1989): one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Hard part: one screen of that game: move the player, touch the goal, avoid the hazard. Keep each actor in one array of {x, y, vx, vy}. Move that array in update, draw it, then end with </html> and </html_file>.
Let's make a small working version of Super Mario Bros. 3. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small game where you guide a submarine through a tunnel. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a single-file version of Sudoku with a hint system. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a small game where you control a car to avoid traffic. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a working version of Asteroids with a shield power-up. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a browser game where you rotate a cube to solve a puzzle. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a simple text-based adventure where you explore a haunted house. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a working version of Tetris with a 3D rotation mode. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of Breakout with power-ups. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of Pac-Man with ghost AI. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a simple browser game where you sort colored blocks. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a complete working version of Ludo with dice rolling. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a browser game where you build a city using limited resources. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a single-file game where you match pairs of falling cards. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a working version of Bubble Shooter with color matching. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a working version of Tower Defense with different enemy types. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a working version of Space Invaders with boss levels. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a browser game where you control a robot arm to pick items. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a game where you rotate a cube to align colored faces. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a simple inventory management dashboard for a small shop. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a tool that converts text to Morse code with audio playback. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a browser-based version of a snake game with a twist. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a one-page app that generates random passwords with strength meters. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a page that displays a world map with clickable countries. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a 3D maze runner with fog effects. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a text adventure with branching choices. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a retro dungeon crawler with turn-based combat. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a maze generator with a pathfinding AI. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a canvas drawing app with layers and an undo button. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a browser-based drawing contest with live voting. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a 3D city builder with zoning rules. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a real-time strategy game with resource gathering. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a browser-based typing game with a word bank. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make me a simple tank battle game with destructible walls. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a turn-based card battle game with mana systems. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a browser-based music sequencer with a step grid. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a 3D physics sandbox with gravity controls. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a virtual pet simulator with feeding and play mechanics. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a 2D side-view game where you catch falling objects. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a 2D puzzle game where you rotate tiles to connect paths. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a single-file HTML5 game where you steer a submarine to avoid mines. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a 2D side-scrolling platformer with collectibles. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a working version of the 2048 puzzle game. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a browser-based physics simulation of a bouncing ball with adjustable gravity. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a single-file web app that generates random dice rolls for tabletop RPGs. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a simple 2D platformer with one level and a goal. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a minimalist piano that plays notes when you click the keys. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a simple physics puzzle with a rolling ball and moving platforms. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a working version of Space Invaders with sound effects. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a working version of Connect Four with a win detection. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a working version of Rock Paper Scissors with a computer opponent. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a working version of Solitaire with a drag-and-drop interface. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a one-screen game of a pinball table. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a rhythm game where you press keys to the beat. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a working version of Tetris with score tracking. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a single-file HTML5 app that draws a fractal tree with adjustable parameters. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a strategy game where you manage a medieval kingdom. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a simulation of a city builder with resource management. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a text-based adventure game about escaping a haunted house. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a physics-based game where you throw rocks at targets. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a browser-based game where you control a drone to deliver packages. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a game where you solve math problems to unlock doors. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a browser game where you control a submarine to avoid mines. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a single-file app that generates random haikus based on user input. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a browser game where you dodge obstacles in a side-scrolling runner. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a single-file app that calculates compound interest with a slider for time. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a single-file HTML5 game where you stack blocks to build the tallest tower possible. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a maze generator that creates a new random puzzle on every click. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Give me a canvas drawing app that lets users save their work as a PNG. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a dungeon crawler where you explore random rooms. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a 2048 clone with smooth sliding tile animations. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a simple music sequencer with a 4x4 grid. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you build a pixel art editor with a 16x16 grid. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a tower defense game where you place turrets to stop waves of enemies. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please write a word search generator that creates a grid from a list of words. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a simple RPG where you fight monsters and level up. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Write me a space shooter with power-ups and boss fights. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a text-based adventure game about exploring a haunted house. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
I want a tower defense game with a single path for enemies. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a simple animation editor with keyframes and playback. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a simple paint application with a color picker and brush size slider. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a weather dashboard that fetches data from a free API. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a drawing app with undo and redo functionality. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a quiz game about world capitals with a timer. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a visualizer for audio frequencies using the Web Audio API. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a working version of Minesweeper with a 9x9 grid. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Build a working version of Donkey Kong with ladder climbing. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Please build a working version of Lode Runner with key collection. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Create a simple music sequencer using the Web Audio API. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Make a single-file application for a digital calendar with event reminders. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Can you make a working version of Bubble Shooter with match-three mechanics. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
Code a memory matching game with a 4x4 grid of cards. Hard part: keep every mover in one array of objects with x, y, vx, and vy. In update, move them and drop the ones that are done. Then draw. After that loop, close the script and end with </html> and </html_file>.
